Samsung I8552 - Galaxy Grand Quattro@@@It can't playback Full HD Videos.Camera quality just average not so good... It doesn't support Video Recording in HD/Full HD [1920*1080p] and can record only in VGA [640x480p]...no Auto Brightness...If your Budget is 12K-14K then don't go for it go for Moto G...
i bought this product 4 months ago and i was in a little worry about its hanging problem like other samsung devices but this product is far-far away from this.... u can play hd games without any problem,camera quality is also good,u r not getting a DSLR quality but it's good ....... so don't think jst go for this..... :)
I bought this phone from flipkart 2 months back. And, the phone is doing gr8 all these days. I would recommend this to anybody willing to buy a phone in this price range. But a friend bought a moto g, which is a tad better than quattro in terms of a gui and usablity. But i am not sure about motorola's aftersales service though. Hope i was helpful.
When I purchased this one, it was performing well. But after use of 2 months, it starts creating some technical problem. The performance of battery is very bad, as after few hours, it discharges suddenly. It is also hanging during talk minimum once in a week. Such type of drawback is not expected by a big brand name like Samsung. Now I have to visit service center for these problem, then what is the benefit of spending much money only on the basis of brand name as other brand mobile with same configuration are available at cheaper price. Pros:- 1. It looks nice as well as it is light weight. 2- sound is much clear. 3- Applications are running smoothly. 4. Heating is less. Cons:- 1- hanging frequently. 2- battery backup is low (May be that this problem is faced by only me).
Very good phone for the price .. doesn't lag. Response is quick . Battery lasts for a day easily with internet on. and average use.
Its not a phone for high end gaming as its graphics processor is not that great. I am a fan of dead trigger which is a heavy game and it works well. Can play 720p videos using MX player. Camera is good. Battery life OK. Fast phone for day to day use. You can play high end games as well but graphics may not be as good as on other phones. But I still recommend this phone as I am satisfied with it.
I primarily bought this for my Dad as he was using a smartphone which had a smaller display. It is quite convenient and he is quite happy with the phone. When it comes to technical aspects, I was looking for something better than my dad's Micromax Aisha (I think thats what it was). Not to say that Micromax was a disappointment. Just that it was a tad smaller for my dad's huge hands and he kept struggling to touch the required button on screen and also read the display many times. I personally have not used it but my 66 year old dad is still using and has so far not complained about it :)
Product is excellent. Delivery also good. I got that cell from my favourite seller.
i am very much unhappy with its performance, the phone hangs when some one rings me, then i have to restart the phone, more over the sim 1 even in full signal most of the time it is not reacheable, not a good choice
Its a nice phone. screen size is good only drawback is it hangs always. Nice look and the Camera is also good.
I ordered Grand Quattro cause,I like 1.2 Quad core with 5 Mp cam i need,As i am photographer i like result of cam too good.Phone battery last a good.Also performance is very smooth till date. Flipart,Given responce timely good and very good fast delivery in time i need.
As usual nice product in budget range by Samsung. Screen size is good, I am not happy with screen resolution I never like quality of picture on mobile phone as compare to actual camera.
EDIT: Display problem showed up once again. Returned it and got a new piece as replacement. Here's my review after 1 month of usage: Pros: 1. Responsive - no to slight lag 2. Perfectly sized for my hands 3. Decent for casual gaming 4. Best buy in price range for an established brand 5. Does not heat up much, even after charging/gaming (except with GPS phone can't even be held near the ears) Cons: 1. Missing features: No status LED, ambient light sensor, etc. 2. Android 4.1.2 3. Low resolution screen 4. Just OK loudspeaker for audio playback 5. Not VFM after launch of Moto G Issues: 1. Screen has shown garbage/gibberish and portions have remained stuck. Had to close the app (Gallery and another time Jetpack Joyride). Hoping this is nothing serious. 2. Home key has become loose and makes a sound when pressed.
Nice Product , I got a very good deal at my time of purchase . Timely Ddelivery . Performance wise also the phone is worth the price . works well .It was a gift for my mother coz the screen size is big and the font is large to see even with reading glasses . It hasen't been very long since shes using so cant write more. But problem as of now . and i hope it gives same performance throughout
Love the phone though the dimensions are not the most handy. Apart from the camera being verrry slow the phone works fine. Battery backup is not so great esp. if u r hooked to whatsapp!
Awesome product. I don't have any issues with it so far. Its been more than 6 months after purchase.Been working good so far.
Worth buying.Affordable.Great functions.Thank you Flipkart,your service is very fast n prompt.Can recommand to others.
Purchased it and delivered nicly by flipkart..its an amazing phone having quard core processor .. pros.. 1..i have a very good diplay and sound qualiy.. 2.it has 5mp camera which take a nice photos and can rec. 720p at good qualiy 3.nice graphics pocc.can play720p videos an can play hd games like death trigger and d day..etc 4. Look are better than oth samsung phone which are less curve at corners and look decent Cons..1..its hangs some time...as i have purchase it switch off automatically and after that took it to cus care thek have updated it after wards... "Overall a best phone in its class"
Quality product received in best offer. Encouraging me more things to purchase. One of the best ONLINE shopping portal
This phone is really a worth for the amount payed. The only problem with the phone is the battery back-up. Otherwise, this is one of the superb android phones i have ever seen.
I am using this phone since last 4 months. Till first three months it was working perfectly. But just after that the experience is horrible!! On one fine morning I found the touch sensitivity is not working and I could not unlock the pattern lock!! Then just did Forgot Password and unlocked it through Google sign in! After unlocking the cell I got it was not a prob with pattern lock, my phn itself is wishing to deny any touch input,a huge lag in sensing or not sensing anything at all!! Then I googled to find a way out.. if any. And saw a lots of complains about the phn on the same issue. It got serious sensitivity prob on 3-4 months of using! One suggestion, BUY THIS PHN ON UR OWN RISK!!
Quattro is the best phone in the affrodable price range. this the the best phone in low price of android (SAMSUNG) i would like to recomend this to those guys who are looking for a Handy , smart and powerful phone, means POWER PACK......
Good smartphone.. however in this range few better options are available now (Moto G).. Flipkart delivery was very quick as usual.. overall a nice phone to have..
I bought this phone from Flipkart 2 weeks ago. Amazing phone !!! Value for money !!! 1. 1 GB RAM (again better than most phones in its range) 2. 5 MPxl cam and 0.3 Mpxl front cam 3. 480x800 pix WVGA TFT display (which is quite awesome and crystal clear) 4. An 8 GB internal memory ((again better than most phones in its range) 6 . 1.2 GHz "QUAD Core" processor (better than most phones in its range) 7. A 2000 mAh Battery that easily lasts more than a day. 8. It records Videos in HD (720x1280) at 15 fps 9. Runs Android Jelly Bean. Haven't experienced any kind of lag. 9. Its a Dual Sim phone!!! 10. The stock earphones are great. I would recommend this model .. go for it..
With the range of Rs. 16,000/- this offers us better features. but this hasn't got a video zooming feature, which i think is the negative part. else it's great. But too much weight which causes pain in my shoulder while i hold it for about 2-3 mins in my pocket. :(
Very good delivery timing. I love flipkart.Samsung I8552 - Galaxy Grand Quattro is best mobile handset. It's best in 10K to 15K budget.It won't have HD video.
People, moto g is cheaper than this and better in almost all aspects. Moto G comes with a better processor (Snapdragon A7, while quattro has A5), better OS (kitkat), Best screen resolution HD with Adreno 305 graphics for gaming, Better protection (gorilla glass and water repellant nano coating), better front cam(1.3) & HD recording, better 3G compatibility, USB OTG (u can connect a pendrive to moto g via micro usb cable and enjoy movies/songs) & a slightly better battery. Only a fool will go for quattro instead of moto g.
The phone is overall a good package but the Samsung is playing games now. Two things to note before you purchase Samsung Quattro 1 - it comes with android 4.1 - which is outdated now , even micromax is giving android 4.4 kitkat in most device 2 - just 5 mega pixel camera - buying a phone at 14 thousand inr at least 8 mega pixels should me there these 2 things will keep coming in your mind after purchasing
One of the good phones in the medium range, worth its price. Decent camera and good processor speed. A good phone by Samsung for people who need a dual sim android phone.
Its really been a very nice experience with Flipkart, Keep it Up !!! Phone is very good, after a reasearch of 2 months, I landed to this phone and i am happy to say it was my right decision. Earlier i was having Smasung S Duos and I reached comparing two phone out of many new one from different brands. Lenovo S920/820 and Samsung Grand Quattro (Quad Core). Due to lack of support from lenovo i have choosen Grand and till now happy expereince and very good performace. Regards,
I am using this phone for 4 months and it is the best experience ever.The phone has never hanged........the apps work very smooth ,the screen is very bright and clear,excellent camera and clear photos.this is the best phone in this cost range... Hats off to flipkart for providing such a good price and delivering it within a day.... KEEP IT UP flipkart....
If you are looking for a big screen phone with a good resolution, this phone is a good choice. Only con is that it runs a older version of Android
Good product. Full value for money. One of the best products I bought so far on Flipkart. Excellent Camera. Clear photos. Sending business card is not user friendly. Network apps are very good to excellent.
Samsung Galaxy Grand Quattro, is nice instrument... specially when it comes to handle the cell phone in crowded cities like Mumbai.. it's screen is neither too big not too small.. good to hold..!
FOne have some amazing featuresss d only disadvantage of dis fone iss its battrey its a complete disaster ..if u make battery percentage visible u will see for every to two minutes it drops by one percent .. even if Ur using only one application at dat tym... so guyss spend some more money n go for grand
Overall, it is a very good smartphone from VFM perspective except actual battery backup which is much less in real life than claimed by Samsung. Also sometimes it hangs so have to do a reboot through battery pull ... got to know from many friends that most Samsung phones hang a lot especially the Grand Duos series but this one doesn't hangs that much in comparison ... so having a good experience! Among the good brands this was, till date, one of my most preferred VFM phone under 15,000 before the arrival of Moto G in market.
Very Good service by Flip-kart, Come to product its totally disappointed , While playing a video i was getting a line on screen but not with normal screen, but only playing video i found it ... so not satisfied with product
This is my second samsung dual sim android phone, and once again a bad experience. It's about to complete 6 months since purchase and already a lot of problems have started to happen. Portable hot-spot not working, Phone rebooting on it's own, charger not working properly and hell lot of problems. This phone made me believe that dual sim phones are not worth to be bought. Never going again for samsung/dual sim phones !!
Phone is great at this price and flipkart has kept upto service by delivering the phone within 12 hours of ordering.
good piece at awesome price.. good quad processor , internal memory is also good.. playing games is very njoyable
Gave it to my sister on her Birthday!! Good Phone!! Samsung gives it all! Good at touch 9/10 Not so speedy 6/10 All over 7/10 Ultimately But Samsung was the one of choice at this price than any other phone!!
Very nice phone, styling features.. speed is little slow RAM is showing 845 only and I think if you wanna that mobile than please increase you budget and go with any 2 GB RAM mobile.
>As I buy this mobile 5 months before and now it is not performing good, as it is working slow, just I can say it is hanging, >Another issue is that its make is such that it's Camera is getting scraches and full of Dust, >And It has no option of transfering Apps. from Phone Memory to SD card memory, If Company could develop some OS to do so it make its' customers happy !
A quite great smartphone but the major problem comes with battery and moreover the apps don't run smoothly.
Awesome Experience In Shopping & Customer Care. Only disappointment that Flip kart does not give any vouchers as loyalty to avail discount.
very good cell, good battery , quick response and nice display HD display would be going great if provided overall nice choice
This phone bought by me has been one of my best choices on flipkart. Amazing deal through cash back and old mobile return. Happy with the phone
Nice cool phone. Delivery was in time. First experience with Flipkart is quite nice. Hope this carries on and looking forward for more purchase experience.
This one is a decent phone for the price, it got in under some offer for pretty cheap and I must say it is worth every penny, I just wish it had a good display, the colors are all washed out on this one compared to the original grand.
I bought it from flipkart itself and as usual the best delivery till date. The phone is good in terms of screen and processor which is a quad core but it lacks build quality and battery lasts long a day or two. In my opinion, try out other devices before finalizing this product.
i booked one carbon mobile nearly 12 days gone not received without prior information so friends pls think..........................................
this phone is ok for normal use.being quad core processor also its lagging sometimes.camera also not upto the mark.remaining features are ok.
Awesome mobile phone but service provided by flipkart dealers during delivery time was too bad infact i will give flipkart team 0(ZERO) ratings for this reason........flipkart team suckssss!!!!
This phone is just awesome, A quad core Processor along with 1 GB of Ram gives a boosted performance to the applications. However eagerly waiting for the Software Update for this device. This device deserves the most latest software update for its specs.
i had purchased it on Nov-13, it is working nice. since hen nothing bad i had with this set. overall OK. but you never know when #hit going to happpen.
Simply superb...( believe me....I give actual review only) you will never regret buying this phone.. Buy Rigtaway
This phone having all essential features which i required. But i am not happy with battery life, rest of all good.
I have been using Quattro for over 2 months and I can say it is one of the better if not the best product from Samsung.......and u will feel the worth for ur money once u start using it... The main reason for going for it is the Quar core processor and it gives an overall very good performance......i had S Duos prior to this and was very dissapointed with its performance which is very lagging and even u cant play games like subway surfers on it. But in Quattro with its Quad processor u will get the performance u want and u will not find any LAG when using in normal mode. If u switch to power saving mode where processor power is restricted....u will find considerable slowness........ Why go for limiting processor power when u wanted that extra performace.......#?! The user interface and other things are the same as on other samsung devices.... Camera is not good when compared to other same price devices...front camera is just OK Overall good performance mobile at good price....... .......$$$ 3 of my family members and friends brought this phone immediately after seeing it when I brought it......$$$$$
its a good product...fulfilled my requirements...good battery backup and attractive features... delivery is also perfect......
i buy this cell for my wife from flipkart cell have awsome perfomace strong battery exellent touch pad 4.7 inch size also good processor and inbuilt memory very good 4.1 jelly bean in 15 range thats phone is awsome
This product restarts by itself many times a day when you are using 3g network. This problem is not only with my mobile but with all the users who are using 3g network with Samsung grand quattro. No fix has been Provided by Samsung. No factory setting can fix this bug. Even customer care reinstalled new firmware in my mobile 2 times but still same problem.
I have seen people saying this is not amoled. So what? amoleds are found in more expensive phones. Check this phone and screen directly before thinking this screen is bad.
Using this for past 4 months Good Mobile, No Issues. Good screen, Simple mobile Little slow I feel
This is really a great smart phone, specially the processor speed is excellent. I'm using this since three months and very much satisfied with the features. I have recommended my friends to go for it and many of them are now amazed with it.
Ordered the phone from flipkart on a exchange offer loved the phone as well as the offer.. The phone works very smoothly like all other galaxies.. I had an s4 I sold it and bought Grand Quattro and I just loved the new change.. this phone is a pack of every app within your pocket full of money.. I can do anythin I want i.e can check mails to play games to shoot videos to everything that a high budget phone can do.. Love Love Love Love Samsung forever..
i am facing difficulty with charging the mobile. it charges initially and then stops charging. i suspect problem with the charger pin or the port in the mobile. Since i purchased online, don't know how to get it rectified.
nice & worth phone. processing speed also good. believe & buy .camera clarity & battery backup also ok.
Very much satisfied with the phone. The battery life is good. A good brand to use. I recommend people to use this phone.
- IMO the touch screen is a bit less sensitive. I have used apple and Lumia devices from same price range, and they feel much better. - Display is always a deal factor for me as I read a lot of text on my mobile. This device wins the deal. It is not very crisp given it comes with comparatively low DPI, but contrast is very good, the blacks appear black and the fonts appear good enough. - A word of caution. I am stuck with google Hangouts app though. This is almost a deal breaker for me. Hangouts sucks big time and I'd be forced to root the device to get gtalk back. This applies to android devices in general that run version 4.1.2 or higher.
I bought this for my wife. This is nice budget phone with all features like descent camera, big display, nice touch, runs fast, nice sound quality. Thats all I was looking for.
this is an excellent phone. it looks great and the features are excellent . the camera and clarity of picture is brilliant .above all with all the features it an extremely reasonably priced.
Phone is awesome for 15,000/- Camera quality is excellent in night mode. Should have been an option to move app from phone to SD Card and Vise versa. Just Like sony mobile
I wont go into the features and specification details as many of my good friends have already written about this in their reviews. I purchased this phone just before the Dushhera and folks,this phone is awesome. I had previous experience with Micromax etc but SAMSUNG is incomparable to these in terms of product and after sale service. Even when the phone fell of from the table or my hands its a NO PROBLEM performance phone. Love it.Go for it. I got thid phone in 16grands from a local store and believe me i feel it worth every buck.
The phone is good buy for money. The phone sets good standard for 16k price but dis-appointing is the screen.
very poor performance, many times it restart automatic. badly hang and slow processor perform. DONT LIKE THIS PRODUCT.
Great Service but why the price keep changing.. i brought at 14800 now its showing as 15008. if 14800 will be the price i will again buy it.... WS Retail pls provide the vaild price if possible.
You get what ever you are paying. Recommended for people who want to use basic features of a android phone and are not hungry for performance. Flipkart is giving it a very nice deal price. Flipkart Rocks!!
Mob is good for its price when compare to its features. Camera is below average but overall good value for money.
Hi all, First of all a big Thanks to Flipkart and Seller for delivering my product on 31st dec 2013 itself inspite of provided delivery date as 04th Jan 2014. Very nice service. Now coming to product i felt as i made a mistake by choosing this product. Advantage of this product is just less price based on the features provided by Samsung but we will never feel as processor is quad-core coz even dual core will be faster than this and while playing subway surf game it lags a bit in the beginning always. Though product is good to use and support of all features as well as user-friendly since i am using Android first time after switching from Nokia e63 so i am enjoying using it but a person whoever using this product will definitely cry for its battery consumption. In this ongoing market, more than 80% people will keep what'sapp and mails sync always "on" or in use and never close it and this handset eats this much battery that a person suppose to charge the mobile 2 times in a day. And if u start doing multi-tasking means no need to say anything, hope u can understand as what will be result of battery. As of now, i can manage charging but while travelling going to face lot of hurdles . And my suggestion is you can go for this product if u are ready to adjust battery issue . Also samsung should provide updated version of Android since its available coz there is no vibrate off option available and when i enquired i got to know that due 4.1.1 version its missing and need update. Also headset is of cheap quality . Since i came from Nokia so i remember quality and comfortability of Nokia headset . Samsung earphones creates pain in ears if used for more than an hour . Once again Thanks a lot FLIPKART !!!!! Regards, Nitesh.
I'm still using this since I bought 6 months back. Normally I'm not satisfied with mabiles and keep changing. This one is very handy (not bulky) , performance is good, touch is excellent. May be it's android issue that if you swtich on wifi, it kills battery as well memory..overall a good phone
since the day, i started using it. It is giving trouble whenever i was using camera of this phone. At first, it got hang when i made the flash of the camera on. from last 2 days, whenever i tried to start the camera, it is displaying the message " camera failed" and the phone becomes hang and i have to restart it again. Did not expected this from a product of samsung....
quattro is much more gud phone.. nyc features @ low cost.... nd service of flipkart is so quick....so mch gud experience....
Excellent product, fast delivery by Flipkart. Would recommend this product to everyone who want to buy a smartphone in 15000 range
Mobile features are good worthful for budget, usage and download speed is good. camera quality also good
pros: performing qualcomm Quad core processor nice ergonomics bigger screen at budget dual sim nice gaming performance cons: screen resolution is okayish (720P at this screen size is must for wow factor) LCDscreen , Super AMOLED is much better may be more internal memory would helped in keeping oversized games at one place. Average battery life
It's best model in this price class, without any issues, i have really got good experience. phone have better feature and nice camera. To fast and no hang bang, going smoothly.
I recently bought the product and its features are good however, when were I use internet the battery runs down fast.
I am posting my comments after using quattro for 4 months - Phone works fine with single sim and the moment you insert sim into the second slot the phone becomes unstable. phone restarts automatically and starts taking time to load apps and games and the gaming experience is also pathetic. My recommendation would be to buy a windows phone instead of wasting money in android or Samsung.
Recipt of the Samsung I8552 was well in time and in very good condition with proper documates. Tracking system is also very good. The Mobile is working very good and to the exact expectation. Thanks.
Thanks to Flipkart for their prompt delivery service. About the phone. Everything is good except the Battery .It should have lasted few more hours . Needs to be charged everyday. With same configuration and with more internal memory and larger display SPICE MI-535 is available. If not biased by Brand value, once must go for the SPICE mi-535.I also got it one for the value less than 10K.Has better battery life than Quattro ,more speed than quatro,larger display than quattro .Only problem may be service from Spice,as I got to know from some reviews from Flipkart users.
I bought Samsung Galaxy Grand Quattro from flipkart,its a nice mobile phone from Samsung.It has all the feature which everybody want from their smartphone in the price range of 12K to 16K.It has nice user interface,battery and 8 GB of internal memory.It has one big thing 1.2 GHz of Quad Core Processor, 1GB RAM due to this the phone is working quite nicely when i am playing games like Temple Run-2 and many more.But one this is lagging i.e resolution,the phone's resolution is not so good according to me.On the whole i would suggest if anybody want to buy budget smartphone then absolutely go for it.
From No Angle it gives you feeling of Quadcore. I have seen Nokia Lumia 520 performance much better/faster than this. Quad core is just an eye wash. Better buy some dual core with a good FW of it and it would feel you amazing. Wi-Fi is pathetic. It's range is too low. It's definitely a bluff saying its 802.11n compliant. My previous nokia phone X6 had better wifi than it. it hangs too often. You can't type fast. Come on Samsung are you kidding. its such a pathetic feeling after buying this such a slow phone. totally waste of money. On top of everything Android upgrade is long awaited. God knows when Samsung will think about this model. I doesn't worth 15.5K bucks. it should be just 5K bucks phone.
I m writing this review after 2 months of use. Flipkart delivered the product after 4 days...one thing with flipkart that prices keeps fluctuating.... I must say this phone is good enough. Markets have lots of different smartphone with different features and cost but all depends on what u want. if u want decent phone with all specs in it ...then this is the one... go for it.... No hanging problem,no heating problem.... Initially there was no lag but after installing many apps now even contact, log book opens slowly . other problem which i am facing is with Radio. Sound with the provided earphone are not much louder. radio signal is not clear( trebble and bass effect comes and goes out). Also i connect other earphone sound is coming very very low.( dont know whether it is compatible issue or something else) RAM is around 875 out of 1Gb ( remaining is dedicated for android).. BAttery give back up for one and half day for normal use .... Photos are good in daylight....not good in night.. NOt able to view copied videos from laptop i think format need sto be change first... no android upgradation available.... All in all this is nice phone... all products have + and -. I will recommend this if ur budget is around 15k...:)
This phone I bought few days ago but there was some concern with sim card slot 1. This was not identifying hand cut sim card. But the other slot was able to identify the same hand cut sim. when I have put original micro sim card then slot 1 was able to detect & from that day to till today I have not faced any problem. But remember Flipkart had shipped for replacement & I declined because with original micro sim the device was not any issues.
I am just so happy to write about this superb product of Samsung. If there are lines in here, written good about this phone, I will just say that it is all most supported. Am not going to read them, and am not going to write anything bad of this device. Let me just wait for a few more years, until I find something better for this price. Friends, go in for this phone, it's worth what you pay for. This is written with true honesty. That's a promise from me. By: Jacob George Michael (MG)/Cochin, Kerala, India.
I purchased it from Flipkart six months back. As usual Flipkart delivered it within 2 days in Excellent condition. After six months my TRUE opinion is: PROS: 1.Excellent voice / sound 2.Photo quality praiseworthy, it's camera FOCUSES the object in an ARTISTIC STYLE 3.Pictures very good from a 5 mp camera. (day & night both) CONS: 1. Using 2 sim cards, sometimes take a few seconds to decide. 2.Sometimes the battery comes down fastly from 100 to 90 or even lower. But overall it is satisfactory. Overall a VERY GOOD item.
This my first Android mobile and using from Past week.Below are my reviews in various aspects. Having quad core processor and fast in multi tasking.if you are average user using all different applications and games in minimal then go for this.If you are a good gamer and buying this phone is worthless as ram is 1 GB u may find lagging and difficult in playing high memory utilization games. Battery backup is ok if you are using 2g/3g frequently which causes low battery less then a day. If you using phone normally for calls and using applications/games then Battery lasts for 1 day at least.So Battery is one drawback for this I found till now. Other then that every is good and cool.
PROS: This is a great phone for those who needs the basic functionality of a phone (I have a Nexus 7 which helps me with everything else) with the benefit of a large screen. Having android really helps if you want your entire contact list automatically downloaded from the Google server (provided you saved the nos in your gmail contact account in the first place) Most of the features that I want are all in there (Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, Facebook & Gmail apps) CONS: While for others this may not be so important but for me it definitely is: The Wi-Fi really DRAINS your battery VERY FAST ! Never happened with my last HTC phone and it really is weird. So if you are a always-on-Wi-Fi person, rather be on data network. Without Wi-Fi, the phone battery can last for almost 2 days ! It's a Great Value for money phone....
I have replaced my Galaxy Y for an exchange offer of Rs.3000/- less to buy this phone. Speed of the phone is not up to the mark. Very sluggish while browsing 3G internet. Night photos are very poor. It is not worth to spend more than 15K money for this.
I was looking for a dual sim phone in the range of 15k and I am satisfied with this phone. I am using this phone for more than 2 months now and all the apps downloaded from samsung and google play site works well on this. The only con is that samsung has not provided android update for this phone yet, but that does not affect on any of its functionality. It plays hd videos without any lag and with great clarity. This is good phone for the users who use the phone for web browsing, emails and phone features. For normal phone use battery lasts for 2 days and it lasts for 1 day if used with WiFi for 3-4 hours.
Very Very awesome product & amazing performance. Simply super & efficient. Much appreciated samsung. Impressed
I am using Grand Quattro past one month. Mobile feature are good at this budget. Quattro is good choice for me because I am using this mobile for daily basic use only. Not for high end user. Quattro is not HD Device. Some Drawback : 1. Call feature - make call its take minimum 3 to 4 Sec after that the Call UI will appear. 2. Mobile is little slow in response (from Camera click to View that photo). 3. Night time photo quality poor. (Rating 2/5). Other than those drawback mobile is good at "This price range". Overall I will give truth rating is : 3.5 out of 5.
PRODUCT IS VALUE FOR MONEY AND GOOD IN OPERATION BATTERY LIFE IS GOOD , TOUCH IS VERY GOOD AND EASY TO USE
1. Phone has good built quality, with decent screen size but low resolution. 2. Due to low resolution of 480 x 800 phone is not able to deliver the HD video & high quality gaming experience. 3. Facing lags from day1, even the subway surfer doesn't run smooth on this phone. 4. The major drawback of this phone is its limited available internal memory 4.7GB. 5. Phone does not allow us to transfer the apps & games to SD Card. So very limited storage capacity.
It is really a very good cell phone. I am very happy using this phone It is value for money buy. fast processor, user friendly. feature rich. good design,
Its a mobile which has all the requirements which does justice to the smartphone categories.. I got this phone delivered in just a day.. Great job by flipkart.
Only cons is Battery Back up too low and sluggish if apps are more.It is a flagship product n terms of quad core processor.You can trust upon the product.but be careful of its flip cover...If you are not buying from genuine seller then you may be deceived.
Quattro is one of best mobiles in the country. quad core processor, large screen, dual camera ..Every thing is superfast... Performance wise it is much better than Micromax, Lava, Lenevo or spice... For long term point of view. it is much better than sony xperia and Experia hangs in few months..
i bought this phone from mobile store. processor:quad core a5 is super accepts all apps not so much lag.if you want to no lagging phone only phone is apple.others all product will hang because the software is made by one company and the hardware is made by one company.so apple is best for everything.according to this rate this is awesome!!!! screen:4.7 inch super clarity very good ppi.no pixelation on this resolution.super battery:battery is good when you use internet is reducing battery not much like ace but good
own this phone(not purchased on flipkart though) since it's launch i was yearning to get it, the specs was enthralling: - quad core - adreno 205 - sleek design yet a few days after getting it felt dissappointed. - quad core doesn't matter as its not a highend CPU (arm5 vs the original grand's arm9 and xperia m's snapdragon). - adreno isnt better than the videocore VP on the original grand(which to say is 4 time better in perf. - unity benchmark) - speaker is horrible (5800, lumia 720 is superb) - camera sucks (though 5 MP, the images with my 3.2MP 5800 as more crisp and colours are more even) - android recovery console artifact (not able to get to the ADC with the normal method, finally realized i have to keep the power button pressed till I get there - could be a one off glitch but is disheartening just a day after purchase) - hardware/build is poor at best (i get random reboots still, and till the first firmware upgrade, it was rebooting several times in a day by itself - again could be a one off glitch) The last 2 problems made me take the handset to the retailer just a day after purchase and he just directed me to go to the 'samsung service station' which is near infantry road. Its just plain annoying, an unstable product should at least have a good after sales response. At present, I would say xperia m(better cpu, gpu, camere, video recording ability, display and sound) has better value for money. Recently purchased that after a comparison and collective experience.
this is the best phone!!!! and flipkart just rocks!!!!recieved in 2 days sitting at home!!! it is not high definition but that does not take away the quality!!!its quadcore ,,,with samsung warranty!!what more does one need!!!
Really good to use and excellent speed. I recommand this phone. Far ahead of any local phone. Only thing is cameta should be upgraded to 8 mp and 3 mp subsquently.
AWESOME PHONE !!! DONT SECOND YOUR THOUGHTS!! JUST GO FOR IT! Read the specifications listed above and you will see what is so good about this phone... All the features available in this price , along with the brand tag of Samsung just makes it a very good choice..., especially among the Rs.12-15000 range handsets.. And the screen is so BIG!... Browsing, Playing candy CRUSH, Watching YouTube has become so much better now visually... :D
Nice phone Pro: speed,screen,camera,less time take to open apps or contact. Cons: Silver layer fed after few days of use.
Excellent phone.. Worth buying. performance very good little over priced, but overall good experience
Quad cor phnone in such a cheaper price. that too from Samsung I am quite impressed with this phone. Actually I bought this phone for my friend very handy one.
Best Mid-Range phone from samsung.. Samsung produced a best phone.. I think this phone has Amoled Screen.. Super screen quality.. with a 1.2 Ghz A5 cortex Adreno 203 Processor.. A twist of 5 Mp is good. The flash at night time is above average. (Better Than Micromax Canvas 4). Dont hesitate.. Go For It...
This phone is awesome. My wife uses it and she is extremely happy with it. We have explored all the features and the phone feels great in it's performance and utility features. Many reviews said many things, but i would say that bottom-line - great value for it's price.
The hone is exceptionally good and performs at par with the Top end smartphone options available, only the RAM could have been better remaining aspects are fantastic, i am really happy with the investment made and it is value for money spent.
in this price range.. it is item par excellence with its better processor;other features are as good as any one.if looking for performance,this is the one. though too many aaps will make anything hang
I got the phone really fast within 48 hrs of ordering it on Flipkart. Also as there was an exchange offer on the phone, got 3000 bucks off on my old phone and the exchange process was hassle free.
I got this product within 2 days of ordering from Flipkart. The delivery is too good in Flipkart compare to ebay and all. Even the packing of the product was well.
Mobile is worth for the price. No issue till now.. Good battery backup as I don't use 3G and wifi. I like very quick delivery by flipkart ..
i got this tody ..nt used much....my only concern is its back cover ..it looks so cheap..kinda duplicate....is it same with all sets?? rest seems ok...!!! infact good in a price of 14k i got..:)
good for regular use... dont expect more than the features.. camera lacks Image Stabilization.. overall its a good phone.......
I've not bought it from flipkart but from a local dealer. It's processor is fast and can handle many apps at the same time. Though all the apps are saved in the phone memory but they can be transferred using the apps2sd app. It's screen is not HD but still gives a very rich and sharp, HD like quality of videos. The sound is very clear and loud. It's touch is like feather. It the best phone between the range of 10k to 15k. You must buy it.
Samsung I8552 is has made for high usage having comfortable screen size. UI is great and goes well with the games. Speed, use, handling etc all are good, overall very good phone and I am satisfied with it. service ( shopping & delivery) provided by flipkart was awesome
Hi, I was reluctant to buy this cell at first since iam not a great Samsun fan. But after using this gem for a month i can say iam quite satisfied. Processor: I will give 7/10: Although its engineered on Cortex A5 Quadcore( which is relatively old technology) but dontd forgot that chipset used is Snapdragon, which Samsung rarely use in India. Not even in their Note 3. Snapdragon will beat Mediatek on any given day. 7.5/10 Camera: Samsung is underdog in this division. But let me tell you Samsung mobile Camera hardware is best in this world after Sony. 5 MP is more than enough. I will suggest to download Camera 360 for better output. Music: Good enough Hardware and Design: Fits in to hand quite comfortably. According to me 4.7 inch screen is best for display, games and watching movies. Design stands apart when you compare this cell with XPERIA M and LG L7. This cell beats any cell with design and hardware under this price range. 6/10 Accessories: Samsung should have provided free accesories with this cell. Free accesorries always make consumers happy. 0/10 Overall Verdict: With 8GB internal memory and Quadcore technology, although with relatively old Chipset and GPU I strongly recommend this cell because as we say Old is Gold and Cortex A5 technology is not invented in medieval period, its enough for this cell to run smoothly for many years. Thanks, sorry for any typo
I ORDERD THE I8552 GALAXY GRAND QUATTRO IN FLIPKART.IT IS VERY GOOD SERVICE PROVIDERD BY YOUR SELLERS.
Product is working well ..no Hanging problem at all ,if u r searching for brand and good android phone go for it. and No doubt Amazing Service by Flipkart
Screen resolution is bit down but it is value for money it's worth of buy the processor is Snapdragon A6 1.5 ghz 5mp camera is a good quality but alternate option is go for micromax canvas hd
First of all I wanted to buy a smart phone since I made a big mistake in buying sony xperia miro last year. The phone had a poor diplay, low resolution, the problem of hanging and worst, the touch screen was a total let down. Therfore my requirements for the new phone were: decent display size, good resolution, decent camera,and easy to use. For the past month i am using grand quattro and happy to say that it has fulfiiled all my criteria. let me list its pro's and con's: Pro's: 1) Decent size @ 4.7 ". It helps u in viewing d mails/videos while not being too big for ur pockets. 2) Good resolution. Though i have set the screen brightness to only 80 % i have a good view even in bright sunlight. 3) Nice touch screen: Its very smooth and easy to use. 4) Though while hearing the songs the sound is not very loud, the earphones are great. Con's: 1) Though it has a decent camera @ 5 MP, it could have been kept at 7 or 8 MP. Also the front camera is moderate only. 2) Batterry life : With full time net connection on, average calling/SMS/gaming/ and moderate browsing the batterry lasts for 24 hrs which i think is normal for all smart phones Overall its a good buy since the price has now come down to Rs 14,800/-
HI All, I purchased this phone 4 months back, everything is fine for me except below two points. 1. Battery life: average battery life last for 24 hrs. 2. Cant upgrade Android OS. New OS 4.2.1 already in market, but my phone is not ready to pick this update, could any one guide on this, My friends have Galaxy Grand (8mp, 5 inch phone) they have upgraded to new OS already.
Quattro is a value for money phone if you are looking in price range of 15k. It has most of the features required in a smartphone such as Dual Micro Sim with a good battery life. WS Retail delivered the product within time & in good conditions. You can trust buying online thru flipkart. Happy Shopping!!
This is an excellent phone.. i Have been using it for more than 7 months.. TIll now no problems are noticed. Pro 1. Excellent interface 2. Lag free 3.superb browsing 4.Good screen resoultion 5. Handy and decent weight Cons 1.When using mobile internet, device gets heated up, but it doesnt happen when wifi.. Except this, this is a superb phone... you will surely like it, after buying it. You wont even regret..
Got this for 17K at the time of dollar hike. Nice phone but battery life, screen pixel density & Ram performance could have been made further better. Talking on Speaker is something which i dont prefer with this phones as voice starts cracking like anything. Apart from the above short comings still love this phone due to its perfect size, dual sim capabilities etc.
This is just an average product from the Samsung and the thing is Samsung has something to offer at every range, so this is decent buy. on the quality and other parameters I think it is as par with other Samsung products.
Extremely user frinedly and durable Size of the phone is also handy All reqd features are available. Dual SIM feature is an additional value Is quinessentially a value-for-money phone that has a good brand associated with it
Great product from Samsung and amazing buyback deal from Flipkart. Equally appluaded for super fast delivery. Seal packed product received. My family is happy to see this amazing product. Look forward to have similar offers from Flipkart. Thanks and best wishes
i have been using this mobile since 5 months, faced lots of issues. Over heating issue, battery issue, lagging issue, can not play HD videos, poor loud speaker. i had a problem- mobile restart itself "n" number of times a day. Many people have same issue, when u take the mobile to the service center first thing they re-install the OS and deliver the mobile saying issue fixed, but issue still persist- this is not only my experience even other had same prob. since the issue persist i took the mobile back to service center, service center says that its a mother board issue, mother board should be replaced. My frnd also had same issue with in first 4 months of purchase. Wen i first time visited service center for this issue their was another customer with same issue, even he was supposed to get his mobile mother board replaced.
This phone is available in the retail outsels at Rs.15,000/-. Flipkart lists it at Rs.15,900/-. No use of buying this from Flipkart.
It is a very good phone with Quad-core processor & 1GB RAM within 15K budget... I am very happy that I've bought this. It is serving my needs pretty well. Battery drains quickly while gaming or watching movies. Gamers and Music & Movie lovers should buy a power bank to resolve this issue. Guys just go for it & don't forget to buy a flip cover. Thanks to Flipkart for such a fast delivery & good packaging. I would like give this phone 4 star in a 5 star rating, it misses the 5th star only for the battery.
I have bought this phone on flipkart through exchange offer and have been using it for a week now. I am pretty happy with it. First of all I opted for exchange offer as I didn't know what to do with my old phone. Already 3 of my old phones are lying in my house with no takers. It's a nice initiative by flipkart to recycle electronic waste properly. For 12900, this phone is very good. The display is not HD, but it is good, not grainy at all. For a normal user who uses it to check emails, play occasional games, listen to some music while travelling to work, chat on whatsapp with friends and browse for some time during the day, it serves the purpose perfectly. Camera is not the best, but if I am on a holiday, I would take my digital camera and not depend on my phone. Battery drain was an issue on day 1. Then I found an app which turns off 3G data when the phone is idle and this worked wonders. It now lasts 24 hours with one single charge. It has nice looks, was mistaken for an S3 by some friends...only the 'DUOS' mentioned on top gave it away. Very good phone if you are looking for something below 15K.
this offer is too good... I purchased one phone in this offer period and I am back for another ... Got a very good deal
I had got this cell a month back to my dad, 1stly The 2000 mAh battery lasts for a day with few hours of music, few images, calls, SMS and browsing over 3G. You can use the power saving mode that optimizes the power, screen frame rate and brightness to improve the battery life. Battery life is slightly better than the Grand Duos.Even though the phone has a low display resolution compared to the other Dual SIM Android smartphones in the similar price range, it has pixel density of 198 ppi, slightly better than the Grand Duos. The performance its good without any lags. The phone runs on Android 4.1 out of the box which is a good thing, but some software features that were present on the Grand Duos including the Multi-window, Direct Call, Pop up Video and S Voice. Video recording at 480p resolution, if you want a dual SIM Android smartphone from Samsung with decent battery life, but can compromise on the video recording and some software features, go for it. Pros Runs on Android 4.1 Jelly Bean out of the box Dual SIM support with Smart dual SIM feature micro SIM slots 8GB of internal memory The 2000 mAh battery Cons Low resolution display (not an issue) 480p video recording (not an issue) No ambient light sensor Overall Happy For it!
reallly fast delivery by flipkart...in less than 24hours...very good packaging and found no faults whatsoever..no anxiety of waiting....would be cool if this fast delivery applies to all flipkart products. My choice for shopping-flipkart.com, and I recommend it to all my friends and relatives
after using 1.5 months, i want 2 say few things..... though, the name is grand quattro, but the experience is beyend the GRAND.... camera is good.... ram is best... battery is good.... internal memory(5.10GB is usable) is best.. screen size is great.. processor is great.... u can play any game & i mean it....ex.--- all nfs, iron man 3, amazing spiderman, gt racing 2, 3, call of duty:st, all fifa and many., many more..... rating is... camera--4/5 ram--4.6/5 battery--4.1/5 memory--5/5 processor--5/5 screen size--5/5 internet surfing(in 3G)--5/5 if u want a GRAND phone in a budget price, then go for it... just go for it.....
Dear Friends, am a regular user of Samsung mobile from Samsung galaxy Champ but i havent faced these kind of issue's which i faced with Samsung Quottro. Cheap quality, it hangs very often, worst battery. i was much happier with my Galaxy Y Duos, S duos but this phone is waste of money. u know one fine i got to know ear phone is not working, i thought there should be a problem with my headset and checked with my blackberry headset was fine. i went Samsung service center and complained they told me they need to replace motherboard, and replace it, just two days after that my phone stopped vibrating, as i will be busy with my meeting very often i use my phone in vibrator itself it was horrible to manage again i went samsung service centre again my phone was taken for a weak just to rectify the vibrator(replace the vibrator) as they did not had the vibrator itself in samsung service center infantry road. after a weak i received my phone but after that it get heated if am continuously in a call for 10 or 15 mins. i fear to play games in it as it will very heated when playing games for some time or even if you are browsing. Its totally waste of money. recently when i went to samsung regarding my phone is heating up the technician tells me it is common problem in samsung, its weird and irritating.
Best phone ever at this price. Using it from last 4 months and no problem yet. Trust it...it is good.
Does this phone support noise cancellation or not? I want to buy this phone and want to know about this feature. I didn't find this feature in many of the reviews I have gone through, but on flipkart site I found they are mentioning about this feature. Please help me guys.
Purchased this mobile from local store for 16,900 in June. Initially i was confused between xperia l and quattro, but i decided to give this mobile a try, Till now there is no single lag or hanging issue with this phone....,amazing battery life lasts 3 days on normal usage,believe me till now even after 6 months of usage. only a heating problem near the camera on prolonged gaming so what(even xperia z,s4,nexus have their own heating issues) More handy than its elder brother grand,camera could have been better(but 5mp is ok) Now available for merely 15k,Guys go for it without any hesistation. Regarding updates, rumours say that samsung is rolling out 4.3 update for this mobile by the end of december So what more can you expect at this budjet ur getting latest features and reliabiltiy from the brand Samsung....
optimized size means handy & one can read e magazines comfortably without repeated sliding or zooming ;5MP camera is enough;although it not supports HD ,can watch HD video by installing Mx player. 8GB internal memory is more than enough.supports 3D games very well. ya one thing keep in mind dat higher games take time to start &to close. one shud be patience during closing a game in middle of game.another good thing of samsumg over other brands is it is user friendly in operation. quad core processor balances configurations like 5 MP camera,non inbuilt support of HD, 7.2 mbps rather than 21.2 mbps internet connectivity .
Bought it for Rs 14,300 for an online store.Good phone with decent specs.I searched for a good phone for months and finally selected this.For a average user this phone is more than enough.I played many games including temple run 2,subway surfer,asphalt 6 adrenaline,assassins creed,Avengers and lots more.Gives good performance.Installed many apps.Phone looks premium and only issue i faced is with front cam.Its inferior than cam in s-duos.Good option for a budget limited user.If u can afford u can go for grand.The feature like shake to update,smart stay which keeps screen on as long as we look into it etc gives premium feel.Lack of accessories is an issue.Battery is average like any other android phone.I will recommend this phone if u cant afford a phone above 15,000.I am a fab of micromax canvas series but when it comes to service they fail. That is an important issue.Tried Samsung Live chat for technical issues good service from Samsung and many service centers near by.I wont blame Indian brands but they should improve support than raising new models day by day . Pros 1.2 Quad core processor 1Gb Ram out of that 845 user available 5.06 Gb out of 8Gb availabe for user. Smart Stay,Shake to Update etc Mood music option in music player Good Screen resolution 2000mah battery 5mp cam with flash 4.1.2 Android 4.7 Inch Screen DLNA Dual Sim Cons: 0.3 front cam Average battery Lack of HD play back wich could be solved by using VLC but still not efficent Lack of Accessories Light Sensor Absent Primary Cam could be Of 8 Mp and could improve front cam
First time user of this type of handset. Recd phone as gift from my children on my wedding anniversary today 27 Nov. Yet to get used to it. Liked the looks of it. Really appreciate Flipkart for prompt delivery on anniversary day.
Shipping was done in good time. Kudos WSRetail! Review regarding the mobile is already available here as well as on any other site. Personal experience of this mobile is very satisfactory and smooth. I do feel that this is still little over priced and it would have been better if Samsung slashes this price by some amount as they do for all other models when new one of the same type is in store.
This phone looks Good but the the Hardware and the screen quality is really outdated and the Video recording at 15 fps seriously? This phone cannot play HD videos not even 720p HD. I am facing a lot of hanging issues. It's quad core processor with cortex-5 which is slower and cannot support some apps. So, check before purchase it. my advice do not buy it it litreally has way outdated Screen and hardware..!
I have purchased this phone, it's really excellent one .Don't go for bad reviews. I was really shocked by reading them. My rating are as follows: Performance : 4.8 Camera : 4.6 sound : 4.5 Battery backup : 5 Display : 4.7 Touch : 4.5 Overall : 4.7
I bought this phone a month back through flipkart only. First of all flipkart service incredible delivery in just two days. Talking about a phone i found it to be very good decent in this range Nice camera, great looks ,quad core processor amazing(it havent hang till now even once ), battery life is good atleast a day , screen size amazing comfortable as well as looks beautiful in hands. Overall its an amazing phone in this range. I would suggest you to buy this phone if you are about to spend around 15 k rather than grand as it hangs a lot as what i heard and experienced.
Main Draw back is tat it does nt support 1080p videos n sme high end graphic games, rest G Q is awesme phn fo 15k!!
Why guys you go for Samsung? Go for Indian brands and you will get better service. I am using Lava Iris 504q and believe me its just awesome phone. Lava or any other Indian brands may not stand beside Samsung in respect of reputation and acquaintance in Global market, but in regard of performance ( which I consider more valuable than so-called brand name) these Indian brands are close enough to Samsung. Even better. Compare Galaxy core (price 13.5k ) and Lava Iris 504q (price 13.7k) and you will FEEL the huge difference in between them.
This device has a major heating issue. May be I was the unlucky one and got a bad phone but eventually not very impressed with this eventhought the specs looks decent. Better go for Grand than this, Grand has lot more cool features. I purchased both these phones together but eventually have to return this one and currently happy with Grand
As far as my knowledge is concerned the software upgradations should support the speed and options for future. But, to my experience with samsung quattros duos, as i was already aware of this issue, consciously avoiding updates. but, unfortunately, a day when i was busy held up with a hospital issue, unknowingly i gave "update now" option. Now, i m facing the fate. Nothing works just on touch, it takes minimum 15 - 20 seconds even upto 1 minute after a touch. Why is this so? Please advise if i m wrong in its usage.
Bought this phone after a lot of thinking, its just awesome in its price range, not very large that it wont fit your pocket but still has a decent sized touchscreen. Doesn't hang. Recommended for anyone who is not too finicky about specs.
I dont believe in spending a fortune on a phone as I have a propensity for rough usage. And found the Quattro on a tempting offer on Flipkart. So I could not resist although I wsa initially looking to purchase the Galaxy Grand Duos. Phone is good. Have not experienced any problems wrt making or receiving calls. Screen size is sufficient to read long article and browse web pages. Furthermore typing is comfortable for fingers of normal size. People with stubby large fingers would find the landscape mode quite comfortable too. The main problem with this phone is the slow processor. Dont get misled by the "quad-core" in the specifications. It is way slower than even the processors in budget phones as many reviews will tell you too. Phone lags a lot even during normal operations like opening the contact book etc. I have used a Samsung Tab for a week or two and didnt notice any lag. So, I am pretty sure this problem is not related to Android.
don't purchase this phone.touch is very bed and it is not working on bed or sofa.and also samsung is not solved this problem since 15days.and also samsung is not give any replacement.
Not the best if you compare with Micromax at this price range, but still u got to be satisfied with your choices!!!!
Specs are moderate compared to the price.....its uses CORTEX A5 which is quite old.........Really don't know why samsung is selling phones with this old,chip processors..........In this range Sony Xperia L is better choice.........
Really nice phone... having a gr8 experience with it... There are many phones availeble in the market in the same category @ cheaper rate but when comes to quality, Samsung is unbeatable....
Grand Quattro - The GRAND. Using it from last 1 month, its just perfect . NO lags, touch feels awesome... :) Also referred it to few of my friends.. :)
The powerful medium budget mob i have ever used. If u r going for a mob around 15000 -21000 then exactly choose this one. First there was only 880 mb of ram first then after the first service now getting 1gb so suggesting u to go for this one love you samsung
best phone at this budget....get this one...... got it from croma (wanted to personally check before buying). was very happy with the phone front camera's a vga but still very clear
In overall its performance is good Great & bright display, touch sensitivity. good loud speaker. Great buy from Flipkart Diwali Sale with an exchange option!!!
Great phone from Samsung. Enough reviews on the internet. Games, applications work well. Note that only approx 800 mb is for user / apps. rest is reserved by graphics processor. This is usual for most phones who provide very good performance. Great & bright display, touch sensitivity. good loud speaker. Great buy from Flipkart Diwali Sale with an exchange option!!! Super quick delivery (next day) by Flipkart in Mumbai.
Yes i agree that this phone is a bit overpriced for the specs it provide but it really is a a SMART phone I have used it and no noticable lag Amazing camera (Decent in low light) Awesome battery backup DECENT GAMING PERFORMANCE (WELL WHAT DO YOU EXPECT FROM AN ENTRY LEVEL PHONE LIKE THIS?) All an all, a great phone your money can buy.. Go for it (Y)
WS RETAILS: Trust worthy seller on the site. Delivered the phone 2 days before the EDD. Freebie Maxx Smart Charger is not as expected. Its power button is not working. But charges my mobile up to 60%. PHONE: I would definitely suggest this phone to a friend as its best in the price range & has all old school features of Samsung.
Best gadget than Galaxy Grand and many other brands in this price range in all the ways...Like display size,processor,graphics etc...
Very cheap product flipkart has provided. Facing issues with the battery in just two months. Battery dead in few minutes after fully charged. Please don't buy this.
This device comes with Quad core processor and 1GB RAM @ 15.5K. But you cant play games with out lags. Xolo Q800 is available in the market @ 11.5K only and its performance is 4 times better than grand quattoro. Other Xolo and Micromax phones are shows better performance than this device. Pros: 1. Good touch response 2. Looks good Cons: 1. Rear camera with 5 MP giving very poor images 2. Even though Quad core processor, the device performance is very poor 3. You cant install or move the apps to SD card 4. Cheap built quality 5. Poor screen resolution 6. You cant play even temple run 2 game with out lags 7. Cant make HD video recording Guys kindly dont go for this mobile. Its my experience. This device is not a value for money fone
i have been samsung customer for years specially their home appliances like tv fridge, dvd player/home theatre systems etc just bought 1 day ago as my wife wants big screen andriod phone inspite of me objecting for samsung's cheaper range phones specially quattro as read many bad review about most of its phones beside her friends uses samsung galaxy duos & core all of those were useless, my brother uses galaxy grand duos which works fine apart from battery back up she bought this from forum bangalore samsung showroom on day after diwali for 15900, 1)this phone heats up just below & around rear camera while surfing net even when its only on battery, charger unplugged (did they stuffed powerful processor in small device or its faulty chipset they made it with, no idea! i got scared as it feels its gonna explode any moment) 2)battery is shipped in the box with 40% charged after which its over, on switched off mode charged it for 5 hrs as told by samsung showroom rep, however after its fully charged when we surfed net n tried downloading apps/games battery drains very very fast worst than samsung young which i used a year ago, without net usage battery lasts 1 day may be (looks like they had made battery which simply cant carry the phones load yet they were in hurry to make money so dey dumped this model in india) 3)better go for lenovo phones although lenovo is rebrand chinese phone but gives all features with good battery back up wat else consumer needs! they hadnt given any free stuffs not even flip cover or scratch guard or memory card instead a movie ticket to fool was given, its crap phone buy galaxy grand duos instead friends, coz this phone sucks its eye sore even to have in the house,
this is a good phone but price is the key factor avail the offer and discount as soon as possible . Go for it very soon.
Excellent quality.User friendly features.Good quality photos and videos.Text alert for battery charging is interesting.
Have started using it for last 4 days,works well, has many advanced features, i have migrated from a blackberry , so i am still learning, but its easy to use, fits well in my palm, has a decent(much better than bb) camera, comes with quite a few apps preloaded and also a handful of games. facebook whatsapp and bbm(now available on androids) will need to be downloaded. bought under exchange scheme and during the standard chartered promotion, so it appears to be a great value for money product!
I had bought this phone in last week from samsung outlet in 15.2K including flip cover and screen guard. Not seen any problem yet. Camera is good... Not hanged after installing 4-5 games. Touch is awesome. Processor is very good. Size is comfortable to carry phone in pockets. Battery gets discharged fast while using 2g. I would recommend to buy this phone if your budget is around 15K.
I bought this phone for good cash back offer. This phone initially had some software issue when connecting to Internet. I went to Samsung Service Centre for reinstalling the OS. They accepted the flipkart bill as warranty and they upgraded the OS. Now the phone works as brand new and no issues.
Bought this phone from flipkart & was delivered within 1 day. Very delightful experience with it so far. Camera,display,sleek build all in all i like the phone. But normal mobile GPRS not able to accommodate as lots of media is involved in this,need 3G. Did not face any issues with performance so far though I have installed games in it. Just make sure to reduce the RAM use by closing unwanted apps running in the background.
Been a week.. I can say its a value for money product.. decent performance...battery is good.. but yeah, mind you.. it cannot play high end games with ease.. so thats one thing and the front camera sucks big time but u adjust the camera settings here and there.. and it works just fine.. If you are an average user and not into using the phones from local brands..go for it.. -)
Got It 5 days Back. Still No problem almost application is installed No hang No lag. Heaviest Application was 300MB. Camera Is Exellent Even Fron Camra is also Good. Please Use Samsung Dive For security purpose, Best Phone
i bought this phone.all other things are good. when you hear the songs through the earphones, sound is good. but but only problem is with the speaker volume. even when you listen the radio on loudspeaker, its volume is very very less
It was not clearly written anywhere that it supports only Micro SIM type i.e. different type of SIM that is pretty smaller than the usual SIM in India. And Micro SIM type won't support by other smart phones... not even samsung other variants. I'd replaced my old SIM with the new Micro SIM and guess what - this new SIM is not supported by other phones so there is no option but get your SIM REPLACED AGAIN to normal in order to get it worked with other phones. That's a BIG PROBLEM.
I have ordered this phone from flip cart & i got the better price But i hve not satisfied with the packing just a bubble sheet on the mobile box i had high expectation, But product is good and delivery in time. The phone is really mind blowing > Batter backup 2days good >speed is good >Display is good Value for money standard charted bank provide me 15% cash back that's great & cool
Though this phone has Quad Core preocessor, I dont think it provides as much speed as I expected from quad core processor. I did not find any difference in processing speed of quattro compared to Galaxy S Duos which is available for around 9k. In fact, Galaxy Core which has Dual Core processor works faster than Galaxy Quattro. I think Quad Core processor is just to create a hype that it works faster. This phone is so slow that sometimes I get irritated at its siped - Not at all worth at the price it comes with
Using this product from last 5 months.. but not happy with the speed I think they can manage the resources very well and the speed can be increased. Very happy to take it from Flipkart very nice service..... Little bit unsatisfied I thought I should have brought Nexus 4 .. speed is awesome... if you have the budget then you can go for Nexus 4 else take Samsung Quattro...
Very good Android phone with Jelly bean installed in it. Works fine and has a big advantage of having 5Gb usable internal memory. first they have send me damaged phone but, after complaint they give me full brand new box giving to me... very fast service ... Regards, Nikhil
its a superb mobile with quad core processor, which enable you to do multi tasking, m using this mobile for couple of weeks, i didnt explored all features of this mobile yet.. but what ever features i explored till now from this mobile are awesome,... very usefull. ---> looks... ----> handy....... ---->speed........ ---> screen --->price etc etc etc... overall its a very good experience with this mobile...
Please note that the phone gets hot even if its not in use. Please let us know why we are experiencing the same in a brand new mobile.
the phone for which i was luking good camera good processor good touch good battery life a good speaker quality too
frist of all the product is fully loaded. and this product gives better fight to galaxy grand. with low price. touch is quite good and better to handle in hand. its 1 gb ram gives no hang effect on mobile.
5* for Flipkart delivery network. I got it in one day. Below ones are surprises to me when I open the box. 1). It supports Mico SIM 2). No flip Cover Above details are not mentioned in Specifications table. Combos offered at the time of purchase would add value to the purchaser if flipkart can offer what are missing in the box and to the purchased item.
Ordered from Flipkart - received a defected piece within one day. Defect was related to software as the phone did not start - it would hang itself and then suddenly start doing settings on its own, like change of language, enable disable some features, etc. Flipkart replaced the product and another one delivered over 2-3 days' time. EXCELLENT service by Flipkart and great Customer Care support. Just booted the replaced phone and it works fine. Will explore the phone a bit more but few good points observed - excellent sharp videos and pictures, Display excellent. Havent observed any extraordinary sound output, seems ok though. Weight, handle is comfortable. 5 GB available out of 8 GB, which is normal as per phone standards. So far so good. Back cover opening-closing operations are a bit clumsy, but hopefully will not require to use that often. Micro SD card insertion requires removal of back cover, wish it could be done from the sides. More feedback as I use it more.
I ordered the product on 18 Oct and received it today 22 Oct @ 1pm. This is my second purchase with flipkart. First purchase experience was very bad with me(flipkart took the order & cancelled it after 10 days stating product is out of stock, although later on they apologize for it & sent a E Gift Voucher of 500 Rs with sorry card which I redeemed in this purchase.) It is my first ever smart phone and earlier I was using Symbian phone and found it very attractive and useful for me. Excellent service by flipkart. Will review the product after using it for some days. Thanks.
Got the phone 2 days before. I'm almost on the phone all through the day and night and Its an excellent phone with multiple features and big screen. Flipkart did an excellent service of Offer and delivery.
in the beginning battery backup was good but now its decreasing. everything else about this phone is awesome.
Very excellent smartphone for the medium budget. The phone has attractive look and do not have any running problem. But the phone lacks many of the features that we find in galaxy grand. The name may be given because of the popularity of the grand brand. I've got this for 15280/- (also got 2200/- worth SENHEISER headset FREE as BRAND REDEMPTION for this). The device deserve this value. Above this value is a bit costly and better to for grand. Pros: >5 MP Camera which has touch focus and crystal clear photo can be obtained. >Battery backup more than enough for a normal usage. >The phone best for music lovers as it has the pro features of s4. >Additionally the quad core processor plays almost every app smoothly...(I have put 120 third party apps and have no prob) >the bar model with 4.7 inch screen is comfortable to fit in hand. >back panel is also scratch proof and durable (same as that of S3) Cons: > The video player dont have HD recording and also cannot zoom while recording. > Lacks light sensor >The device needs "" MICRO SIM Card "" >THe bluetooth version is 3.0 . It could be 4.0 I'm giving 5 star to this device because the cons mentioned above are not at all a problem for me.
Don't Buy this smartphone. Cons- 1.It Hangs Never. 2.It has Worst 203 Aderno Graphics. 3.Worst smartphone for gamers. on the 3rd day after brought , it started hanging.it keeps hanging once an hour. sometimes it hangs twice in an hour.
Flipkart deliver within the time period. I Purchased this for gaming...it perform well. Only battery back is the negative things of the mobile. Other things are good.
This mobile is great for mid range mobile customers. But i feel only one problem that is its display quality which should be improved by samsung company
I was eying for Micromax A116 thinking that its value for money with 5" screen, IPS screen etc. but tested it at a mall. Gosh... my impression changed, if you hold Micromax A116, you get CHEAP feeling. Then immediately checked Samsung models in Univercell, shortlisted Galaxy Grand Duos and Quattro. As Quotrro is sub 5", opted for it. On 15th Oct, Flipkart lauched echange offer (without exchange, phone will cost 1k lesser), my Samsung phone was offered for 3k. with 15% discount from SCB the deal got more sweeter, I immediately booked. Received my phone in 24 hrs flat. Small issues here, you need to convert your SIM to microSIM (Took help of local phone shop who charges Rs30 per SIM, else can be done by viewing youtube), there is no flip cover with the box, ordered from other site. Since then enjoying the mobile... happy for taking good decision.. Neighbours envy, owners pride : )
My Galaxy Grand Quattro is an awesome smartphone with smart features. No complaint , Value for money . Super duper easy to carry in pocket than 5.5 inches mobiles and many more
This is a good phone with the given price. If you want good performance then this is the phone for you. However, it has little less features compared to Galaxy Grand. But i am happy with it's processor and memory. You should explore the pricing before buying this phone.
I had purchased this phone for a friend. Apart from the big size, there is nothing so great in it to shell out 16.5K. Its hard to digest, but at this price, Samsung is not even giving Amoled screen. Galaxy Duos S 7562 is a much better option at 9.5K. If you're still hell-bent on size, then Grand I 9082 is a much better phablet at 18K. Samsung has just enhanced the body-size of S 7562, tweaked a few things here and there, cleverly used the success of the brand - Galaxy Grand and very smartly re-offered the package to tap some lesser informed, lower end Indian customers.
@Flipkart Service: Great as always... Delivery well in time. Good packaging. Only glitch is that the bill should have a retailer seal stamped as well(Though it was signed). Don't know whether that will ever create any problem during service or not('hope not) .... **** @Product: Nothing to say as comment but a lot in complement. Balanced configuration. Working like silk. I'm not into gaming much, so my review is not much based on gaming. But I use a hell lot of apps, and even after installing around 40/50 apps the set doesn't even lag a bit.... :) ***** So, under 15000/- this is undoubtedly a phone worth buying (if gaming is not the highest priority - since ppi is 199 only- one of a few lags & Adreno 203- old but not 'obsolate').
I was confused between brands phone Samsung,Micromax,Sony but finally i decide to choose Samsung as already I am using another samsune phone from last 3 years without any problem.. Secounf thing was battery life (It should be constant after 6 months use also) Pro: 1.Battery- It easily last for 1 day ( After playing 1 hr game, mobile Data on) 2.Temple Run 2 and Sub Way surfer run smooth without any lag. 3.Can play HD video with MX player whereas Samsung Galaxy Core can't. 4.Speaker Quality is good. 5.Touch is also good. Con: 1.Front Camera Quality is not very good at least they should provide 1 MP. 2. You will get 6 GB for internal memory but it is OK if using external SD card . Today I got SENNHEISER hd 202 ii headphone from Samsung (It was in offer).. Overall Phone is very good if you are going to use smart phone for next 1 to 1.5 years.
Gave 4 stars as the phone has become a little slow as compared to the previous days (after buying). But its a good phone with promising features. Handles well and is cool for all purposes. Its handy and good for gamers too.
very gud smartph within budget...its key feature is quadcore prosser...all in all a gud ph...it is gud fr daily life use...its has almost al features that anybdy wants.. BENCHMARK SCORES OF QUATTRO Quadrant Standard - 4385 NenaMark2 - 42.8 AnTuTu Benchmark - 10910 (4 stars) Multi Touch points - 5
I don't own this phone but the description seems to be very cool. I am ganna buy this phone very soon.It looks very nice and is very cheap. The 1.2Ghz processor is a very big thing. And more than this is the Android 4.1.2 and HD display. I think that phone is going to be very smart. It has many preloaded apps. But there is a lack of panorama in the camera features. But leving the panorama everything seems quite good.
i early used galaxy s GT I9003 LED its good in screen quality ,Wifi speed , Downloading speed but in this wifi speed is low Every Video plays in a vibrant colour(high saturation) it looks horrible & we cant adjust the saturation. camera quality is less than a chinees phone of RS 3000/- Nokia N73(3.2mpx) takes more quality pictures than this one. Guys Galaxy series are good but only Buy LED phones..
this phone is a great phone .i have been using this from the last 6 months and believe me this is awsm piece of beauty n power. go for it.. all bad reviews r fake.i also got confused before buying. go for it ,believe me you wouldnt regret
The phone is not worth buying at the price it is asking for. Pro: 1. The overall look is OK and it looks like Typical Samsung mobile device. 2. It has dual sim for both active even while call option. have not tried but seems good. 3. The phone does not feel bulky or heavy. 4. A good flash light and does not get heated up too much while using as torch. Cons: 1. The speaker of the phone is of literally, cheap quality. 2. Battery just goes down like u never charged it. Simply a useless battery for the price of the phone. 3. This phone has quad core processor. but don't get tricked by that, the UI of the phone is so lagging, it just looks like its a lazy phone. camera starts with lag and shutter lag will always miss the object that u want to capture if its in motion. 4. This phone besides being at Rs. 16K does not play HD videos, so u can bang u r head after loading nice HD videos into it. Alternative video apps can help play HD videos but you can feel lagging while playing them. 5. While many other companies are giving out excellent camera quality and resolution at this price, just 5MP cam is not worth, also picture quality is not up to the mark. So overall its a money waste. Not recommended at all.
Simply Awesome, deserve to be in market. best phn in 17 k range. Best processor, it has the capability of handling best app in Android market.
This product is good for normal users. Phone does't hangs. Casual games are running good. Phone speaker sound is little bit low. Signal receptions are good. For normal users battery will last more than a day.
The speaker output is not that good. It is almost normal I can say. You still can hear the external sounds even when you on ear phones.
a very good smart phone with tag of samsung . all apps work properly and hangs very less compared to samsung grand. Though camera is 5 MP but pics have very good quality . Only drawback is that it can't play 1080p videos .
Some people said that this phone's performance is not good considering its price, However, I would like to say here, that specs view, for advanced users, it may disappoint with certain features. But normal user, Please Do not worry at all, as this phone will exceed your expectations. Do not go with the poor reviews, as these are posted considering user is an advanced user in most cases. Feature wise, Its a very good phones from Samsung. Nice layout with 4.7 inch screen, which is attractive and good enough for a phone. 1 Ghz Quad core processor 8 Gb internal memory (approx 5gb usable due to system and pre-loaded apps) Good reaction time Clear font and layout Talking about flipkart, I got this phone on 2nd day after the purchase as Sunday came in between. Hats off to flipkart for delivery. Nice and careful packing. Thanks Flipkart. All, Please go ahead with this phone, if you are looking for attractive, decent, fully loaded, cool smart phone.
This is very nice phone very good touch screen good feature and functionality no one to give this phone in very low cost price only flip kart can give it.....
Pros: 1. Comfortable to hold if you feel Grand Duos/Note is big for your hand 2. Decent primary camera 3. Display is pretty good 4. Quad-core, performance is also very good Cons: 1. Secondary Camera is poor, bit disappointed with this. 2. Priced bit high So, to conclude, if your budget allows and do not want to experiment with the likes of Micromax or Karbon or Xolo, then go for it.
I am using this phone from last 18 days. I purchased it for 17000 and now it is available for just 15000. This is a big problem with Samsung. The company decreases the mobiles price time by time. And 2000 Rs. difference in just 15 days is a big thing. Now some cons and pros. of this mobile are - CONS - 1. No IPS, No Amoled, just simple LCD display, because of it screen does not visible in sunlight. 2. No automatic brightness sensor. 3. Processor is Quad Core A5 but even normal games like Temple Run, Subway Surfers lags a lot and doesn't run smooth. It should have been a A9 processor for good run. 4. Back looks are not good just average. 5. Screen icons are very large like normal galaxy grand and you can't resize it. 6. Call Quality is not too good just average. 7. You can't record and play even a 1280/720p HD Video. PROS - 1. Good Screen Size. Perfect for me. 2. Decent Battery backup, very good in power saving mode. 3. Camera Quality is decent. 4. Front looks are good. 5. Samsung offers a Sennheiser or JBL Headset with it. I got a Sennheiser headphone which has a awesome sound and bass. Really love this headphone. Overall its a decent buy at the current price of Rs. 15000. You will get a free headphone after registering your product's IMEI on Samsung's Website. But if you are a gamer don't buy it. Prefer a A9 processor phone with good GPU.
I landed up to Quattro after my S3 was stolen 2 months ago. Didn't think much before buying and picked this up. I liked Grand Duos features (except huge screen), so I took this. I'll try to keep the review short and useful. Cons First: 1) Cant play 1080p Videos (hangs a lot). So, You cant simply copy HD Videos from your PC and throw at it. Videos upto 720p were fine. 2) Camera is not great but ok ok. Your job will be done. Dont expect wonders. 3) USB OTG is not supported. May have to root for these geeky features. 4) No Notification LED (I was not expecting that this phone will not have LED) 5) Call Quality is ok but could had been better. 6) No Automatic brightness (Lack of Sensor) 7) Shortcuts on the Pull down bar are not customizable. You can't add or remove anything. Maybe with the next update, its taken care of. Pros: 1) Fast GPS locks, no probs there 2) Dual sim works well. 3) Battery life is 15-16 hours with normal usage. I consider it good as it was same with S3. 4) Premum looks and Brand Guarantee. 5) Very long Data Cable. S3 one was smaller than this. 6) Very good phone for normal usage. Has not lagged much till now. Good processor and RAM. 7) Good display in spite of less PPI. 8) Have less Out of the box Samsung softwares. I consider it a pros because I never used features like S-Voice, S-Memo on my S3. In short, it gives me more than S3 feel and I am happy with it.
Well I bought this phone for 15.3k for my dad but eventually am using it myself for the last 3 months since he is averse to use such a big phone. Now, lets gets straight to point. Pros- Big display looks good, even though its TFT. Quad core performance is good Doesn't heat up at all even with sustained game play or HD movie play Cons Wireless reach is not very good Battery is decent but for such a big phone should have been better Speaker quality should have been better Camera is just about ok for sharing on FB, nothing more I like this phone. Though I have a feel Micromax probably gives same quality at lesser cost.
I really like this phone. It has a good screen size not too big not too small. Easy to carry around and Ideal for viewing videos (picture quality is really crisp). Touch screen response is very good. Almost as good as iPhone (doesn't beat iPhone response though). Excellent sound quality. Definitely value for money for the price.
its now over a month using this phone . i was all the time doing multitasking playing heavy games and side by side using wats app nd fb . functioning is excellent problems :- low sund quality doent support hd videos camera quality is good but zoom is not clear
I have been using this phone for the last 1 month, overall the phone is good, there are pros and cons.. many have highlighted them,, so key points are cons: a) 1.2 ghz cortex A-5 quad core is good but not super good... it does give a great performance but most other phones are using a cortex A-9 dual core or even a cortex A-7 quad core or a 1ghz dual krait.. while comparing you don't get a huge advantage in processing.. they almost match up or the latter are sometimes better. b) a adreno 203 graphics is also good while u play temple run, subway surf, riptide gp2 etc.. but if u try very high resource gaming.. u can feel a slight lag... coz adreno 203 is a bit older..adreno 220, 305 are being used in most phones, like lumia and xperia m. even grand duos sports a broadcom IV gpu which is better. c) no ambient light sensor, but its not that u must have it.. d) plays 1080p videos with a lag, 720p run fine with mx player e)no hd recording. 720p only at 15 frames per second. not the standard 30 frames per second. frankly this also deosn't matter too much. f) no nfc pros: a) 4.7 inch screen even at 199 ppi the screen looks good, nice to handle phone, fits your palm perfectly b) the camera is very good considering it has a 5mp. the photos come out really good, flash is also fine, all the modes work really well including macro mode c) does not hang or lag in everyday operation, even while heavily multitasking d) battery is good, 1 gb ram is very good. runs evrything smoothly e)sound alive in the music player brings a lot of quality to the music f)headphones packed with the device are good. g) a 4.2.2 update is on the cards, it will make this device even better h)a 8gb internal memory(5.1 available) is indeed very good. because we cannot move apps to the sd card, this space is enough for all the apps i) other sensors work fine, the gps locks in quickly, the smart stay, smart update, smart alert work fine, the samsung touch wiz is also impressive j) the dual sim active feature is also very good, u can make a call on one sim, and still have call incoming in the other overall at the current price the phone is very good, its value for money, the hardware specs could have been better, the phone has good looks and with an 4.2.2 update coming up the phone is a great buy.
The selection of a phone depends on requirements. My suggestion is first you list the features and then start comparing. It`s been a week now for me, and I`ve not encountered any problems yet. The so called "hanging problem" is not there, in spite of installing various apps which include temple run, temple run2 and temple run oz. If you are camera freak then this is not the phone for you. Its true that the cam is 5 mp but the options are not much. Performance wise a nice phone, gives a battery back-up of 1 day. Totally satisfied with the phone.
Please buy this mobile. Its performance is really awesome... All aspects it is a good mobile. Specs are really good. Battery backup is good. AMOLED screen is not available. May be samsung can consider this and in future can come up with good decision.
Sorry I copy pasted this review but i really mean this cell phone is more than worth.. better to review a product you have personally experienced. a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product. personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion. reative but also remember to stay on topic. A catchy title will always get attention!
I have used this phone now for 2 months. It's good, but has slowed on as I downloaded few apps from play store..apart from slowness of speed, it is working well for my needs till now. Nothing great or nothing very bad to complain off...seeing the price
Quattro is a fairly good phone considering what you pay for it. These are the features I'd like to highlight. Note that I'm not a big fan of games. 1. Rightly sized display screen. Fits into my purse. Anything bigger, it'd have been like an iPad. It is a pleasure to watch videos and browse internet. 2. Good screen clarity (Preferred Quattro to Xperia L in this aspect) 3. Good aesthetics, neat look and feel. 4. 8GB internal memory. More than sufficient for ppl like me. 5. 1GB RAM On the downside, 1. Not-so-good primary camera (5 MP) Expected more clarity in photos 2. Even worse front cam (0.3 MP). But ppl who rarely video-chat won't even notice 3. Takes a bit long to charge 100% and when internet is on, battery drains out fast. Overall, it is a decent buy for 16-17k.
Though I knew about the Screen resolution, Camera and other issues I went for it because of 1. Perfect 4.7 inch screen 2. 1 GB ram and Quad core processor 3. Samsung Brand However it has sometimes frustrating issues . 1. Not connecting to network but signal strength will be good. Simply you cannot receive or make call. 2. Hangs and have to restart occasionally. 3. Takes about 3 hrs to charge 100%. I personally do not want to put a overnight charge, so have to charge in office. 4. Heating issue when charging and while playing games. (Common in android) Still it's a good medium range phone which is good for first time smartphone buyers.
now many people think that this has quad-core a5 ( and no dual core a9).....and has tft screen and no amoled and super lcd.....low resolution....i know all of this but still i choose this phone because of its price and after sales service of samsung....i enjoy this phone don't deserve it to work like my laptop and do gaming like my alienware..still its cheap,has market buzz,parts easily available,accessories available,has good battery life,big screen,is dual sim......what i hate is no gorilla glass,black/grey color not easily available,and touchwiz ui( i hate touchwiz and i love htc sense)....whatever be it samsung still rules the market even if many hate this device and other devices from samsung... thanks...!!!!!
Being an owner of this phone, I'm extremely satisfied with its performance. The camera takes good photos. Video is passable. Performance is really good, and the 2000mah battery backs up for almost an entire day. One (usual) drawback is that you cannot move apps to SD card. (Check google for solutions, or root your phone) Also, Quadrant Benchmark shows that the phone has CORTEX ARMv7 rev1, unlike the A5 mentioned in many websites. Otherwise, the phone has a nice CPU and decent graphics in its 480x800 screen. Music player is good. Install VLC and even 720p videos will be available for playback. Though the external speakers are horrible in slightly noisy environments, the headphone playback is great. In the games, Temple Run Oz, Minion Rush and Real Racing 3 work great. Gaming experience is overall very good. Thumbs Up : Unlike many other phones, it does not get overheated while charging or playing games for long durations. Go for the phone, you won't regret buying it!
Samsung fanboys ple get out of samsung, samsung is fooling people with low specification and high price, i dont think grand deserve this much price it should be 14 k or lesser than that and phone is also has old configuration.....i dont think it has quadcore processor coz i have used this phone i personally own LG optimus L9 p765, but performancewise L9 is much better than quattro, L9 has cortex A9 dual core processor but if u check u will see how better it is than grand...and if u see quattro's display it looks pathetic beside L9 which has IPS display....stop wasting your money over samsung phones...they are now fooling us with grand, mega, S duos, core by installing old configuration in new phone....why dont u think guys 2013 phone has just TFT screen and almost a year old L9 has IPS display, power vrsgx540 GPU (best in class) Dual-core 1 GHz Cortex-A9 processor, 1GB RAM, all this in lesser price just 15500/- and look at the quattro price its above 16k...one of my friend has purchased quatro b4 1 month but its charging point is broken in just 1 mnth...do u belive...With my LG L9 i am able to play higher end phones games like Asphalt 7, dead trigger, iron man, blood and glory, and normal mid range games like temple run, subway surfers WITHOUT ANY HANG OR LAG, L9 has Qslide function which is great for multi tasking i can watch movie at the same time browse internet i can sms my frnd all this without any hang......Guys remeber one thing samsung products become popular just because of great marketing stratagies of samsung but they have started fooling us.
Just bought this phone from local Samsung Store,(being a nexus 4 user I thought this phone may be slow) but Really impressed with performance following Games tested 1)Temple run1,temple run2,oz 2)Subway surf 3)Le vamp 4)many cricket games 5)Assassins Creed 6)Avengers all games worked really good (clear RAM before opening heavy game to avoid lags)
It is a very good phone without any hanging problems. HD videos can play with MX player. Internet is faster. Touch screen is very smooth. After the purchase of product more than one month i couldnt find any problem with this phone except battery. When using internet it is draining fast. It is very good product
Phone is excellent and flipkart is excellent too. This is one of many high value purchases whic I have done and have always been satisfied. The first delivery which came had a touch screen problem. I complained and in next 2 days another brand product was delivered to me. Online shopping exp to the max.
I am a HTC user since inception & have never used Samsug phones ever. I gifted the phone to my Father and the results has surprised and astonished me. Positive Points - Samsung from the beginning has been giving more features at a lesser rate as compared to HTC. The same IS with Quattro. - The touch response is doing good till now. - Lot's of other's features chipped in. Negative Points - Camera both the primary and the secondary are a let down. If you are not a camera freak, there is no harm in using it. Also, special mention to Flipkart Team who delivered it under 40 hours.
Guys, I have been using this phone for a month now and it has started slowing down. I was earlier using Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos. Undoubtedly, it can't be compared to Ace Duos, but when compared to what other Quad Core processor phones, it is slow. Guys, please wait for some time and this can be available at around 13k, and than it can be a bargain at that price...so wait if you can wait.!!
THE PHONE LOOKS STUNNING BUT IT LACKS IN PERFORMENCE AND IS SMALL TOO. JUST BECAUSE ITS PIXEL DENSITY IS HIGHER THAN GRAND DUOS DOSENT MAKE IT AWSOME. GRAND DUOS HAS A BETTER GPU RAM AND SAMSUNGS OWN PROCESSER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
First i wanna thank flipkart for delivering the product with in 3 days. Coming to the mobile. Its damn awesome. Im the one who hates mobile in big size. But this mobile is apt for me which is easy to carry. Thanks for samsung for giving awesome features at this rate. Video HD recording is awesome. camera is perfecttoo. Processor speed is good. This mobile made me to forget PC and my laptop. Its really good for net surfers, for playing games etc.. Touch is damn good. And the video player clarity is better than laptops. We can watch movies in high definition. My Suggestion for the people who are in search for better mobiles, just take this one without any thought. This mobile gives us all the features that we need. Please don't compare this mobile with other cheap mobiles. I had seen the difference. Thanks flipkart for the gifts along with the mobile. I am very happy with your service. Thanks, Santhosh.
I am using this phone since it launched in India...to be honest this is my first smart phone(i dnt consider black berry a smart phone) no offence....here I saw many reviews by people who have commented or wrote and it is showing in their writing that they hate the Korean maker very much...@ 16.5k...i got a 1.2 ghz quad core processor with 1 gb ram and 8 gb internal mem...with android 4.1.2 version...the pic quality is awesome and being from IT back ground I play high resolution games in this phone which most of the time runs with out even any negligible glitches...dual sim and a gud battery life...i get 1 day or more if i charge it full...more over i am still to use a mem card in this phone...8 gb is enough till nw..a 5mp led flash main camera does the work for me and a 0.3mp cam is enough for skype,etc...the feel and the build quality is gud...performance wise its better than grand...the only negative part is NO amoled screen...rest its a awesome phone...i think ppl who compare Samsung with LG n others r really great knowledgeable guys...if u want to compare then try apple...;)
Well Firstly one has to marvel upon the delivery time of Flipkart I ordered this phone on Friday noon and by Saturday evening it was in my hand. The phone fits perfectly in the hand and one can navigate all 4.7 inches of the phone with one finger which is handy. Secondly the 5 megapixel camera is quite good under natural lighting though lacks perfection under a mere tubelight. Though the phone is not capable of playing full HD videos the video quality is extremely magnificient as it has crisp video quality combined with relatively loud speakers. The phone's quad core processer combined with 1 GB of ram is very good as it manages to play many games smoothly and with marginal lag.Overall it is a good buy specially combined with the offers I availed. For a first time user it is magnificent while may not be entirely appealing to all the buyers willing very high end specs.
It's really a very nice product from samsung with latest capabilities at a affordable price. One of the advantage of Brand samsung is that you can get your handset replaced for manufacturing defects witin 10 days of purchase no matter how minor is the problem. My handset was having just one stuck pixel and i got it in the procedure for replacement, Hopefully i may get it tomorrow. Cons is poor front camera, Sound quality of headset is not up to mark. For the front camera i would say that it is better than Sufficient.
If you are looking for branded phone with reasonable price then quattro is a nice choice. pros:- 1. Good Looking 2. Good performance 3. Good battery backup 4. Touch is smooth Cons:- 1. It do not connect to network automatically, you need to select network manually. Otherwise it shows good signal but never connects to network. This is the basic need of a phone but unfortunatley its missing in this phone. 2. Working with this phone at night time is difficult due to pixel issue (even i tried adjusting brightness) 3. Poor camera quality both front and back. If Samsung improves on the first two cons then it will be the best phone.
Not good responsive product. rather canvas 4 is good to buy.Not good responsive product. rather canvas 4 is good to buy.Not good responsive product. rather canvas 4 is good to buy.Not good responsive product. rather canvas 4 is good to buy.
Summary Display-great-4/5 Processor- great-4/5 Touch Response- Great-4/5 Music Speaker sound- Mediocre-2.5/5 In Ear Headphone sound- 3/5 Gaming Graphics-3.5/5 Build quality-3/5 On average i give it a 4 star A very good handset for those who are upgrading to large screens. This is the perfect size screen and can be held in one hand.
I purchased the phone online and it makes me happy to say that it is not bad... a good smartphone which has its own value.... no need to write 200 characters... why should I? I have to write only the thing which I felt
I Dont own this Phone But its specs. are awsom.. Wat more can u expect from at 17k Smartphone .. It has a 1.2Ghz Quad core processosor (no lags afterall its QUAD CORE) with 1GB ram (even if u install 30+ apps u get around 400-600mb free) {Remember its a 16.5k phone...} 5 Mega Pixel camera.. ( must have been 8 but again see the cost) Good looks.. os android 4.1.2 which u even find in most of the micromax and the karbonn's smartphone .. but its samsung so u get the update very soon..U have the relief that its of a samsung company .. Only thing is it has a 2000mAh :( should've been 2350 or 2400mAh]] graphics are Ok.. [[Adreno 203]] u can play some HD games.. IT HAS QUAD CORE so lags wont b an issue at all I belive.. Gud Smartphone getting one on my bday.. GO FOR IT!!
This is the best branded phone you can get in the mid-range segment. LG, Sony and HTC have no competitors in this range and Micromax, Karbon and other local brands arent even worth considering. Anyway I find some people saying Micromax HD provides more features for less price, they should just have a look at the benchmark performance of the Quattro vs Canvas HD or even the original Grand. The size is very convenient (4.7 inch display) and this is the only Quad Core and Micro Sim device in this range. Battery is decent and it easily lasts a whole day. So a very good phone for people preferring performance over HD displays or 10mp cameras, perfect for daily use
i purchased this phone 10 days ago and the phone run smoothly but this mobile not supported hd video even 720p which is main problem battery life is good and the game subway surfers not run smoothly overall phone is good
Before reading it just keep it in mind that you are spending 15k on this phone and what do you want from your phone that u want to buy? I bought this phone for my wife and she is in love with her phone. I can tell that its a good phone after I'd seen smile on wife's face after even a month of using it. What else she wants as she got - > A 4.7 inches (Big) screen > 480x800 pix WVGA TFT display (which is quite awesome and crystal clear) > A 1.2 GHz "QUAD Core" processor (better than most phones in its range) > A 1 GB RAM (again better than most phones in its range) > An 8 GB internal memory ((again better than most phones in its range) > With a 16 GB Free Micro SD card (bought through Flipkart) > A 5 MPxl cam and 0.3 Mpxl front cam (she is happy with the results) > It records Videos in HD (720x1280) at 15 fps > A 2000 mAh Battery that easily lasts more than a day. (One day as of now cos of heavy "Exploring" usage :P) > Its a Dual Sim phone!!! (no worries to carry other phone for her official phone) > The stock earphones are great. > Great Build Quality > Comes with the Brand "SAMSUNG" (this DOES matter) > Is considered a smaller version of Galaxy Grand but to be honest, "It looks and feels Better, Sleeker & Trendier than Grand" even double the speed of grand. > Runs Android Jelly Bean. Haven't experienced any kind of lag like some of my friends faced during the use of Grand. Only con was didn't get any decent back cover for it as she didn't like the flip covers that are available everywhere in the market for these phones. But this weekend a visit to CP made my day as there i got 2 back covers for her phone from a local shop. they are good and trendy. Again thanks to flipkart for their amazing and quick delivery - i got this phone the very next day (thought of getting in 3-4 days).
I bought this cell few weeks back and it is absolutely working fine. This is my first experience in Flipkart and so far everything is going well. Unless you load the phone with heavy apps leaving just small amount of storage space, every branded Cell phone will work fine especially if the Processor is a Quad core. So those who have written bad reviews about this phone, try deleting heavy apps and use it.
This phone is great! It has got quadcore processor and adreno 203 graphics which is a bliss for gamers. It's screen size is 4.7 not too big nor too small, fits easily into one's pocket! Camera is also nice with video recording @ 30fps. Price is also not that high. Far better than micromax canvas hd. Battery backup is fine. 8 gb internal memory with expandable external memory of 32 gb. I say just go for it, then get impressed and afterwards write reviews!
this phone is amazing.. 4.7 inch BIG screen.. bought it a week back on 13/7/13.. i'm totally satisfied with this phone.. it is an amazing product at this range by Samsung.. it never hangs thanks to it's 1.2 ghz quad core processor.. camera and sound quality is also good.. games run smoothly.. just 1 con : a little low on battery.. but it also charges very fast.. GO FOR IT.. TOTALLY RECOMMEND IT
the phone is one of the disasters from samsung where it just robs the customers there is no amoled display in a phone manufactured in 2013 .....could u believe this there is no hd playback customers are been robbed by no hd playback the quadcore is only for name it doesnt rise upto expectation gamers are dissapointed asit hangs in games like temple run and subway surfers \ in d end its "naam bade darshan chhote"
Hey!!!!! Everybody... Can I have your attention Plzzzz... Everyone comparing Grand Quattro to Micromax, Xolo Plzzzz.... stop doing this dudes.. Take a test of this beauty alongwith Micromax Canvas (Any Model) U will note the difference. Received it yesterday... Fabulous packing with 2 freebies (Bluetooth Headset & 8 GB Memory Card) Thankssss Flipppiiii.. REGARDING BATTERY BACKUP - Its quite better than HTC, Sony etc. Screen Quality - Its awesome... And Plzz don't have a wish that u will get 1000 ppi screen in 17k price :P SOUND - Good Enough... Yes it is not that much good that u will turn on speaker and enjoy music while working out.. But its decent for me till now... HEADPHONES - Good but not the best LOOK - It looks decent in hands and in my pocket too :) ... And even U hold any samsung handset in hand of screen size 4-5... They all look same.. .Hahahaha... And its body is strong enough to bear some falls.... Hope it will not happen.. At last ... Go yaar purchase it.... Don't mug-up your mind and give it so much pressure... I already gave too much... And this is my choice... TRUST ME AND GO ON IT..... BEST WISHES FROM MAAH SIDE.
i love the set...its got everything i wanted in a smartphone,that too within my budget....til now it hasnt hanged...it is a brilliant smartphone...and the wonderful service of flipkart makes it awesome.
Samsung I8552 - Galaxy Grand Quattro is good fone , battery backup is also good and all types of games you can play, all over its good fone in range of 16k, only improvement need to make faster . flippcart service is also very fast they will say withing 4 working days but it i recieved second day itself.
How can i move my apps from phone to Sd card...? its showing that this devise does not support this function..
Superb phone. VFM. Very handy also. Samsung phones are really worth. The phone is pretty quick and does multitasking very well. camera is 5mp and gives very gud output. Checked few games, runs with out any lag. One star taken for not giving multiwindow mode like in grand duos
got this phone on my b'day last month...its been 20 days now and I am an old android samsung user...was very much confused to buy Canvas hd or quattro and finally settled with this...M much happy with the quality and processor, memory, jelly bean. I dont understand why this product is so under-rated here...its a class product except 2 things which one has to compromise which are front camera and screen in sun light...I like the product and m playing with it...installed 50 apps n games still no lag...5stars
Good phone with awesome features in this price range.IT Looks really awesome with super features and excellent battery back up. I Had a great confusion between which phone to buy Grande or quattro but finally i selected quattro because of its Quad Core processor and battery performance . its easily carriable in pocket unlike galaxy grande... Its Value for mone
Better buy a tata indicom walky than a samsung galaxy phone...... For god's sake....even an s4 comes with a cheap plastic body! 40K device witha 4Rs plastic body ...better they get back to making what they are really good at....-- washing machines
hello frnds quattro is very nice phone by samsung, people who r spreding that its not good and saying bad things about it is totally wrong. i experienced quattro and i can defenately say that this is awesome phone at this price. its screen is not ips or amoled pixels is 480*800 199ppi but you will feel such a nice touch experience when will u use it. only front camera i found law megapixel and back cover quality is not so good. but all over grand quattro is a winner and leading in this range of branded android phones. frnds 1.2 ghz quad core coretex A5 processor 8 gb internal memory 5 mega camera with led flash 1 gb ram which branded company can give in this price so much facility i only say that samsung pls improove front camera megapixel and back cover quality. purchase it with no tension screen is vry good.
Fantastic price which noone else could match. Bought it under a deal and at quite a bargain. As usual flipkart delivery was perfect before time and adequately packed. Great phone with optimum features at a great price.
Sony Xperia L is a much better choice than this one. Sony is sincere to the customer by providing latest hardware (ARM v7 - Rev 4). Comparing to Samsung Galaxy Core & Grand Quattro, Xperia L has got better performance. Grand Quattro has 1.2 GHz Quad Core processor, but the architecture (ARM v5 Processor) & graphic processor (Adreno 205) are too old. Samsung is fooling customers by including old processor in new model. So they do not cop up with the new 1 Ghz Dual Core Processor + Adreno 305 experience of Xperia L.
I think this peice has some deffect .. its getting shutting down with out doing any thing . If i just place it on desk or in pocket . its just switching off. Once when i used dual sim it restarted whatever application i opened. it happened until i removed the second sim from mobile. I raised a Incident 130709-015371 they gave some trouble shotting tips but i could not able to perform as they said
i have purchased this phone last week.its processor is fast and giving good performance.camera as 5 MP,it is nice but not gr8. but those who want to do calls more frequent it is better for them.hang problem is not there.overall nice phone
Its the best phone available in that price range ...4.7inch is the best suitable and handy compared to 5inch+ mobiles...specs are good not fantastic. but whatelse one can ask for in 15k budget phone..more than enough..5mp camera is much better than 10+mp cameras other cheap mobiles offer...just go for it. Try to look out for deals ..best if you can get it around 14.5k. I got one from a deal. cheers!
we have now got good domestic manufactures like micromax , karbon ex just take a look for what you are getting for your hard earned money, dont just trust brand name for showoff. samsung is cheating customers using their brand image. i would suggest you to go for canvas hd or wait for canvas 4.
it is good phone for 16k.... *preffered it over grand because of the screen size..5' is too big to hold in single hand....4.7' max size for easy use.....ACCEPT grand have more features.. *preffered it over xperia L..because...resale value for samsung products are more...dual sim...u may not use it often...but always an option... *ACCEPT ...screen resolution is not the best in business.....it is adjustable for normal users... *do not compare with S4,S3..or note.....they cost almost double of this device.....this is recommended only for user with budget around 15K.. *dont compare any samsung/sony products with micromax,karbon,zolo....BRAND matters in resale,lifetime of the product... i am happy with the product...go for this if ur budget is around 15k
Good Phone for the price. The maximum we can get for the Money. Samsung is providing good stuff for reasonable prices. Good performance. Flipkart rocks. But the Quality of delivery is Okay..........
PLZ read my REVIEW carefully before Purchasing this Phone, Very few people can Survey on this phone like me;- I think Samsung dont KNOW the meaning of what is NEW PRODUCT called, I mean what the useless PHONE Samsung is marking, the Company think without spending a single PENNY, the want to Cut the pocket of the costomers. What Bad in this PHONE;- 1. LOOKS ;- IF u r launching a New Phone , Plz plz plzgive a new look and add Good features. IF u see Samsung Galaxy Garand it is quite similar in looks. Just it is 4.7 inch & Grand is 5 inch. If u hold the phone in ur hand it dont give u a Royal look like HTC or Apple 4s or LG optimus or Sony Z.! Look wish its so cheap phone in 17k. 2. SCREEN;- No Amoled Screen, No IPS Display, Just old LCD screen. I want to ask is this a JOKE.? Even the old Samsung Galaxy Advance i9070, have Super AMOLED Capacitive Touchscreen. Technology should be Improved it is Decreasing day by day. 3. GRAPHIC;- Here Samsung is also making us FOOL. Now a days MAIL is best for gaming, And SAMSUNG QUATTRO old andro 203 is using, Even the old Samsung Galaxy Advance i9070 is using the best Graphic - Mali-400MP , which comes in 14K. 4. CAMERA;- Even Samsung Galaxy Advance i9070 can take better pic the this phone. Which is also 5mp. At this price Point there should be at least 8MP. And FRONT CAMERA is only 0.3 MP which old phones have 1.3MP. I had use front camera its quality is so much poor then I expected. NO HD recording in QUATTRO, even Samsung Galaxy Advance i9070 have HD recording. What is Good about this Phone;- 1. Honestly speaking there is nothing special in this Phone, Just I can say it have 1.2 GHz Quad Core Cortex-A5 Processor. But only Processor cant perform the Task of GAMING it need GPU which is not good. OPTION FOR U; Go for Samsung Galaxy Advance i9070, which OS is upgradable UPTO latest Ver., in 14K. IF u looking 4 Big Phone the Go for GALAXY GRAND in 18K NOKIA lumia 720 APPLE HTC ONE THANKS FOR READING
Simply awesome mobile,best performance,No lagging anywhere,even i played Real Racing 3,it was run very smooth,nice look,totaly no loss,guys go for it,better than Grand......but its a dual SIM with micro SIM slots,otherwise i would give full points....:(...but still im happy .....:)
Specs are best for every area in that budget. You can't expect more than that...It's better than Micromax/Karbonn/Intex in terms of specs, quality and customer service. When details of CPU is shown under Key Features, that of GPU must be mentioned as it matters a lot now a days for gaming capabilities.
its really awesome , best midranged android phone with all great features in it...u will just love it :) gaming camera everthing works great :) :) :) its performance is really awesome...i have used it for a week ,,,,i m just loving the way it works....you get some other cool featured phone by some other brands....but samsung has the best brand name :)
Perfect phone nly letdown PPI(PIXEL PER INCH) n WHITE COLOR :\ my cousin used it has no regrets waiting for black color to arrive now its price has rised up i.e.16999 earlier it was 16200...... good awesome phone
Phone overall very good........... draw back is front cam.. very poor front cam.............. and no hd video... for this cost at least company has to give 1.3mp cam for front and hd video recording for back cam.... other than this mobile is superb.
Its a great one from Samsung !!! Lovely Display, Quad Core Super Fast Speed, Good one for Gaming and Smooth use of Apps!!! All that coming for a very Nominal Price. Folks go for it !!!
Only an insane would find this product not good and would recommend Micromax n' Karbonn products. I purchased this phone last week and have found it really good. No lag at all. The 0.3 MP front camera is really good while the 5 MP camera at the rear is amazing. Typing is like a song on this phone. Very good UI. Browsing experience good on 3G networks. Video clarity pretty good. I strongly recommend this product to anyone with this budget.
Guys please don't go upon the infos given above. I purchased this phone yesterday.It's got SUPER AMOLED SCREEN,good viewing angles,works smoothly,no lagging,has got multi tasking. I haven't tried very high graphic games,but the lower ones like subway surfurs,temple run just run smoothly without any lag.. I must say,if you want a phone with a nice brand name - GO FOR IT.:) Its a sexy phone and i love it.:) I purchased it from a dealer at Rs.16100 with flip cover(Cheaper than that available at this site).
Bought this phone for my wife after a lot of research and have to say, the choice turned out to be a very good one. I was initially skeptical after reading a lot of negative comments on the cortex A5 processor used in the phone, but after using this phone for a week or so before handing over to my wife, I feel this model is really worth the price. No lag in the UI, no slowing down even after installing some heavy apps and games. Contacts, messages etc load up pretty fast. Very fluidic overall. No network related issues, calls are clear. Speaker is loud enough. Very good to look, and even the build quality seems to be on the better side. Happy that I chose this one over mmx A116.
purchased from a local dealer for 16,300/- Conducted benchmarks immediately after purchasing antutu-11219 quadrant-4812 Nenamark-44.8 fps Camera is decent no lags till no optimization good by samsung worthy for its price
Just One Word "Fantabulous" It has fast processor and loads of memory. The camera isn't that great but if it doesn't bother you that much then go ahead and buy it. Battery life is good (would depend on your usage though). Easily lasts one whole day with normal usage.The phone hasn't lagged so far.It has a perfect screen size which isn't too big and not at all small. You can manage the phone in one hand.Its a perfect smartphone. This product is worth buying.
After I received the phone from flipkart I have seen that it has a internal memory of 5.06 mb where as it should be 8 mb as per the specification. I don't know why they have done this with me. Except this flipkart's delivery service is good and the product is performing well.
This could have been better if the prices for this mobile would be slashed instead giving those freebies.The features of the phone will aptly match with the price range of 14k-15k. Anything over 16k is too high.
Guys just go and buy this phone..Amazing Phone...You can't ask for more within this range.
I bought this cell phone lately after reading reviews from IGyaan and FLipp.. But this cell phone lags a lot, video quality is not that good. PROS : Camera Touch Screen Size Price Dual Sim CONS : Poor network reception Hangs a lot Lags even on playing Subway Surfer (:-p) Poor Video Quality Speaker Finally.. its a quad core but actually delivers poor performance than Grand Dual core.. Well played Samsung..
The word that suits the phone is "simply awesome". Nothing to complain about. Just luving it . According to me juist go for it. Camera- 3/5 sound-4/5 battery-3g-3/5 2g-4/5 music (headset)- 5/5 (home theater)- 4/5 look- 4/5
I bought this mobile from flipkart only and at Rs.14439/- much less than the market price of Rs.16000/-. Its very fast and much better than Grand. Its very handy to hold. Having quad core processor inside makes it better than others.
3 things: 1. It's Samsung 2. This price tag is too good for a Samsung phone 3. Speaking out of experience, "Cheaper" brands might offer better specifications, but their post-sales service is poor, big time. Like i said, at this price one can't expect a Super AMOLED display and a 12MP camera. For what i paid, I found this phone totally awesome, been using it for 3 days literally non-stop, no glitches whatsoever and totally smooth functioning. P.S.: It uses a micro sim, so get one from your service provider beforehand, by the time the delivery happens, if you wanna start using the phone as soon as it arrives ;)
After deliberating for around 2 months - whether should i buy Xolo Q800 or Canvas HD or go for Samsung Quattro, I finally gave in to my brain and bought the quattro from Flipkart last week at a nice deal of INR 14439.. The phone got delivered in 3 days - thanks to flipkart's great service.. Now, after using this phone for almost a week, Do I have any regrets? Certainly not. I am more than happy after going for a brand like Samsung rather than going for Xolo/Micromax.. As for the expectations, I think one should understand before buying this phone that some features of q800 (camera)/a116 (display) are indeed better than Quattro but their after sales service has a big question mark. you might get lucky with a good handset but if there is a problem with your handset, then you are in trouble.. Pros:- 1) Optimum Screen Size - q800's 4.5" seems bit small while watching videos while Canvas HD's 5" seems bit large to handle 2) can play HD videos 3) Battery backup is decent 4) 1.2GHz Quad-Core CPU 5) 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB internal memory is pretty sufficient 6) Lightweight and looks wise, it is much better than q800/Canvas HD. 7) Last but not the least, brand value of Samsung. Cons:- 1) Camera could have been better. 2) Secondary Camera is VGA 3) Screen resolution could have been better but believe me, it is really hard to distingiush btw VGA or qHD resolution. However, HD resolution of Canvas HD is certainly better. If you carefully read the reviews, most of the negative reviews are NOT from those who have actually bought this product..they are just reviewing this randomly from its specifications on paper. For me ,it is definitely value for money phone around 15K.. So, I think I have taken the right decision. :)
last week I bought this phone. Its fabulous. quad core processor with 1GB ram work very fast & never hang the phone. i run 20 application at a time but phone never hang. TFT screen of the samsung is much better than super amoled of canvas HD. Please don't go with poor review of the people those who doesn't use the products & write their review. No comparison with micromax canvas HD. cheap hardware of micromax often create problems in smooth usages.
Bought the phone 2 days ago. As usual flipkart is fast enough to reach. The specifications wise it is superb and you can compare the same with other Galaxy series. The only setback for this is the 5MP camera. otherwise its very good and value for money. One more thing that I have noticed is that Quattro supports Micro Sim instead of Normal SIM. So you need to Cut your sim to make Micro SIM or buy a new Micro sim Card.. that's it it works all the time for you... enjoy with Quattro. :)
My Order no OD30622020980 ( in my son's name) dated 22nd June is PENDING.. The product has not reached me even after 7 days.I live in Chennai, a Metro, not in some remote hills. EKart Logistics service is an absolute shame. Unfortunately I am writing this on the review forum to alert other buyers not to go by your words of 2-3 business days.
This is my first review about any product, but i would say this phone is a ALL-IN-ONE package. I've been using this phone and i never got any problem with it. People do write false reviews but dont get misled by them. If you are seeking a phone under 20k you should go for Grand Quattro. But each phone has pitfalls too. I will be throwing light on the pros & cons of the phone, Pros:- 1) Screen Size (11.9cms Large display is a great showcase, especially for photos and movies) 2) Can handle 720p (HD) videos easily 3) Enough battery back-up of nearly about 1.5-2 days (Which is good for a phone like this) 4) 1.2GHz Quad-Core CPU offers advanced computing power to handle all your applications, multitasking and more. 5) Simple motions over are understood, enabling you to perform common actions sampling by shaking the mobile (to update contents), turning it over (to instantly mute). 6) 1 GB of RAM which is quite satisfactory Cons:- 1) Camera is disappointing (Should have been 8MP at least) 2) Cannot handle 1080p (Full HD) videos 3) No HD recording..!!! (Are you kidding me???....Even a Lumia 520 does it) 4) Secondary Camera is of no use unless you are a 3G user 5) No AMOLED display Overall this phone is value for money. You will not regret buying this phone. If your tight on your budget and seeking a very good phone with excellent features....Then what are you waiting for?? Grab this beauty at your earliest..
I bought this mobile about a week back,after reading its pros and cons a lot...and now, i just know that i took the right decision....Those who r yet confused....Just go for it.... you will never be disappointed....Awesome mobile it is...
As the name suggests it has Quad core processor but its from outdated family of Cortex A5 that's why Samsung is selling grand at higher cost, also the Camera is big let down when compared with grand, no multi window support, no Automatic adjustment of brightness due to absence of light sensors, so grand is a clear winner with bigger screen, better camera and better OS with just 2000 bucks more than this, choice is yours, those who find 5" phones difficult to carry go for this as this one fits in pocket easily and looks good for one hand operation, those who don't mind size go for Galaxy Grand..:)
Before people start shouting about me comparing micromax to samsung, brand value and a bigger brand. I say you all hear me out. I have a micromax canvas hd for the past two months and have no problems with it. Now the comparison Canvas HD has a bigger screen than grand It has a better screen resolution than the grand also. Plus canvas hd is IPS. the camera in grand is 5MP whereas in the canvas it is 8MP and records video at 1080p the secondary camera in canvas hd is 2MP whereas in grand is just 0.3MP and most importantly its cheaper. now for all samsung fan boys i have had a star 3G before. it had issues and samsung service centre was very slow. my friend has a note and it also developed issues in the usb port which took a lot of time to be shorted out. So basically micromax though not a big name in the market or so reputed has come out with a phone which is brilliant and just awesome. so i would recommend canvas HD over grand
Hi after a long wait.. i finally ordered for Quottro.. Surprised to get it for Rs.14439/-...(After Discount) Had Biggest Confusion between Grand & Quottro, Finally decided to go with Quottro... Just waiting for the Mobi...
since iam using this phon from 21st of june and i am not able to find any kind of prolem in this set and i dont know why people are writing false comments on flikart go for this and dont compare ths model with xperia l because policy of samsung is better than that of sony so dont think about it and go for it the best phone in 16k.,
one word awesom, 1gb ram ,quad core,8mp cmra,display colour ,rich in built quality,8gb internal, wow..............samsung rocks china(mmx, krbon, lava, xolo,etc) shocks................................................................................................
Looks Ugly else Great . Samsung should work more on designing their products . Rather than using the same bevel box design with every smartphone . Hardware looks Cheap . ............................................................
I DON'T WANT TO LISTEN WHAT OTHERS SAY BUT I WOULD RECOMMEND EACH OF U READING THIS ONE THAT GO OUT AND TRY URSELF.....WHICH IS THE BEST GRAND FOR 19,500 OR GRAND QUATRO FOR 16,299...U WILL GET UR ANSWERS ...I HAVE PURCHASED QUATTRO JUST 2 DAYS BACK AND THE RESPONSE IS EXCELLENT...EVEN WHEN I COMPARED THIS PHN WITH MY FRND 'S GRAND ...HE HIMSELF LAMENTED ON HIS DECISION OF TAKING IT....I AGREE THAT QUATTRO DOESN'T HAS THE SOME THE FEATURES AS IN GRAND BUT ...STILL THIS PHONE IS NICE ...AND ONE MORE THING THIS PHN CAN PLAY EVERY ANDROID APP WHICH GRAND CAN'T LIKE SUBWAY SURFER....AND ALL....OVERALL IT IS A MUCH BETTER PHN THAN GRAND ...CHOICE IS URS TO WASTE THE MONEY OR VALUE IT.....QUATTRO BEATS GRAND IN PERFORMANCE BY A HUGE MARGIN....
friends i was confused to buy wheather galaxy quattro or sony xperia l.... 1) i ll use 24hours torrent download through wifi 2) i need 720p video playback with excellent hd clarity 3) i need excellent music playback clarity 4) best camera clarity 5) long battery backup 6) swype message typing 7) video calling through skype....
I got this phone with 5% off on credit card. I was able to get this for 16600 in local samsung shopee in pune. Flipkart provided with 5% off and EMI option. Could not resist the offer ;) The phone is good i would not say the best. You might get confused with Micromax A116HD but i suggest you prioritize your requirement. Samsung is better in optimizing things compared to micromax. This handset is a nice example. Hoping to get the device on time. Had few issues with flipkart in previous purchases. Keeping my Fingers crossed this time.
i am using this phone from last one week...battery drains soon(not preferred for heavy users/travellers)and screen resolution is not that good...remaining features like processing speed..etc are good.................................................................................................
pros 1. excellent display 2. handy(4.7" display instead of 5'' of Grand) 3. Fast response. No lagging 4. 5 MP camera is enough for taking high quality pictures. Video is also good. 5. 8 GB internal memory is too sufficient for a lot of applications 6. Price is low. cons 1. Battery is draining fast. only last for maximum half a day for heavy use. some users wrote good about battery backup. 2. Only white colour. 3. No flip cover. Anyway I like this phone. It is better than many phones available in the market now at this price range.
All are comparing this phone with Chinese brands. Galaxy grand quattro has better display than these chinese brands. Its video recording resolution is 720*480 @ 30 fps. But i shot some videos and played in a 32 inch lcd tv. It was excellent .Still photos are also avesome with its auto focus and flash Its having a quad core processor and still it gives a gud battery backup. After full day usage (call and internet) im getting 55 % battery remaining. Its an excellent phone ,Stop Misleading People without using it
This is a good product available in market under the mid range segment. Decent specs make it more attractive.
I think many of them compares this phone with mmx, lava and other brands. better go for Chinese tabs at 3500/- a 7 inch screen @3500 matters to some not all. About this product this is a good product at mid range segment.
First of all Uncertified dont post your non sense review without buying it. Secondly not at all happy with Ekart delivery service (Next time try to dispatch in Bluedart) Now come back to mobile review,Previously I have used Nokia Lumia 620 which also comes under 15K range but I was not at all happy with it.620 hang alot in day and battery doesnt run for long time. PROS: 1) Firstly an awesome 1.2 Quad Core processor.which doesnt hang at all even heavy task is being performed,under such range other brand dont provide such type of processor. 2) Battery which 2000 MAH which runs longer.Even brand like HTC generally provide 1650 MAH battery. 3) Screen size which is bigger and easily fit in pocket. 4) Touch is very smoother in comparision to micromax HD 115 & 116 5) Dual Sim.Generally in samsung category dual sim hangs alot (Grand,S Duos) So friends blindly you can purchase Quatra Core without any problem.This mobile is mostly similar to Galaxy S3 4) Camera resolutin is also good under 5 Mega pixel
AWESOME PHONE IN 16 K RANGE ........HAVING QUAD CORE PROCEESOR 1 GB RAM WORKING WITHOUT LAG ...VERY IMPRESSIVE ONE DECENT FEAUTRE IT GOT IS SMART STAY....GO FOR IT WITHOUT HESTITATION.............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 5 MP CAMERA AWESOME
I bought this phone from flipkart a week ago.As always,delivery from flipkart was prompt and I received the product before the expected date of delivery with great packaging. The phone is quite a capable one if you are a casual gamer and more oriented towards business applications and useful stuffs . I installed a lot of applications including few heavy games and the performance so far is nice.Video playback and rear camera is smooth with 720p video recording capability. Installing apps also is not a headache now as lot of internal space is available(5.01 GB to be precise) and 1 GB RAM is always handy.Agree that the processor is not the latest of it's range but it does give really good performance. One surprise factor is the display.Though WVGA,it is stunningly clear and vivid.Form factor is also cool.Only thing I felt, back cover could have been made better. Overall,a nice phone with nice spec.Brand conscious people can definitely go for this provided you know the reason of your opting for a smart phone.
I bought the SGG Quattro I8552 from Ahmedabad @ Rs. 15999. I must say it is a Super Class Smartphone providing you with Quad-core Processor. no hanging problems, Best Smart Dual Sim(both Mini-Sim) in its genre. also upgradable to furthur Android OS. All Pros. No Cons.
Indians are fools only thats why they are selling their products. Previously how nokia used to sell products same now samsung. I have one request for all buyers, If you want looks then take the most style one, u want performance, then understand features provided by the product. If u dont know google it or go to gsmarena.com. See what is the experience of others with the product. Don't waste your money more over money you will be disappointed by performance. You will regret..... I have used both Samsung Quattro and Lg L9. I Recommend Lg L9. I don't want to convince anyone, just sharing my experience. The decision is all yours....
i am using for the last couple of weak. yet now i have not noticed any inconveniences. further its size and and price both are very pocket friendly. good one from Samsung. though it lacks multitasking. but for a smooth hang less operation this lack is a blessing. camera is amazing.
I chose this phone because of its processor, pure and simple. It's a massive processor for this price. And with 1 GB RAM, more than enough resources for doing the multi-tasking I require. Also, future versions of Android will tend towards supporting mostly quad-core phones and therefore, this choice seemed most practical for support over the next couple of years. It also doesn't have as massive a screen as the Grand or the Note 2 so it's easier to handle. I was considering Xolo, Micromax and Karbonn but they are brands that haven't really been tested long term yet. And there's always something in the background they compromise with so I just went for the more reliable brand. Configuration isn't everything. Reliability is just as important. The Quattro does compromise with a sub-standard camera and a mediocre screen, neither of which is a problem for me. I don't use my phone camera that often and it's okay if I see if a few pixels if I'm holding the screen close to my face. But at this price range, it really is the most one can expect. And yes, the battery is pretty good for a smartphone and lasts a whole day even with your quad-core CPU chugging along. All in all, a great phone for a great price. You want more specs? Give them more money. And yeah, if you don't own this phone, don't bad-mouth it.
I purchased this phone recently nd i feel that this one is for those who are looking for a dual sim phone with a big display!! The camera performance is avg, audio through the speaker is nt gr8 bt good, in ear earphones are very good!! Casual Games like temple run2 etc work fine!! i personally like the phone due to its dual sim feature nd 4.7' display, though its nt amoled its gr8! As far as the battery is concerned it cannot last more than 1 day! I do not find any Quard core type xprience with this phone!! hsdpa is too low for a phone of this range!!
Don't listen to the people giving false negative reviews on flipkart. they are assuming inadequate performance without actually using this the product. I have had this phone for a few weeks now and I can tell you that its an excellent phone in this price range. The quad core a5 processor scores higher in benchmarks than a dual core a9 processor. Now that that's out of the way lets look at the pros and cons that I have experienced in the past few weeks - Pros High CPU performance Good gaming performance Good battery life Decent display considering the resolution Smooth interface with no lag whatsoever Large display Cons Below average camera no multi-window Conclusion: Galaxy grand quattro is the best phone in the 16k price range and you should definitely go for it.
Android saved samsung otherwise the outdated and overpriced technology of samsung is worth nothing,and samsung continuous its legacy with this product,believe me guys Nokia lumia series is way better than samsung galaxy series,Nokia hardware is unmatchable,the design,the performance are just awesome,Only thing nokia lacking is android and i hope it ill switch to android soon.
This Mobile is very nice to use. very fast. the packing was good. I am to use this mobile. This Mobile is very nice to use. very fast. the packing was good. I am to use this mobile. This Mobile is very nice to use. very fast. the packing was good. I am to use this mobile.
S advance features: Display : 4 inch Super Amoled Processor: Dual core(A9 Cortex) Camera : 5MP rear, 1.3 Front OS: : Upgradable to JB RAM: : 768 mb nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
I had ordered this phone on 30 May 2013 and as usual I got it within 2 days but in its memory description it is given that internal memory is 8 GB but it is showing only 5 GB.I don't know why?May be I am delivered a wrong product.Also its sim type are of micro sim card so to use the phone either you had to go to the local shop and give him money for converting your sim card to micro sim card or get new sim card.This is useless thing.
My god .. how can someone (that to a prominent electronic manufacturer) make such ugly electronic device. Onto it an A5 processor... hahahahahahah.there is only one thing left to say for this ugly mobile........ owaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkk
Hi all, I bought this phone recently and my usage is just 5 days old. I should say this phone is amazing. The touch feel is so good. The camera quality is high. Even there are many alterations done with this phone and serves really so even across time. The only disadvantage I found is the life of battery power. I have to put in charge 2 times/1.5 days. Otherwise this mobile is awesome. The packing from Flipkart as well as Samsung for this mobile is awesome. In gaming point of view, this phone is ultimate. The sound quality is also far better compared to other mobiles. Seriously I should say I am going crazy about this mobile on daily basis. Do buy this mobile and have the craziest time ever for this price!!!
I brought the phone 3 weeks before. I got an amazing experience in this. Its Ram makes us more easy to use multiple tasks. Not so bigger in size and weight. its 4.7" screen makes the view precious. totally its amazing.... It is not a fake review. If you trust me, You will get a good phone...
if a shit thing is offered by a big name people are ready to eat, that's all Indian market is about... TFT screen with 199 ppi, Camera with 720p video at 15 frames, A5 processor and outdated GPU which was first released in 2009 good joke, if u want to buy a samsung phone go for it, if u want buy a good phone there are many good options available go for them L9, canvas HD, Xolo even samsung grand is better. And if u think this dose't hang does a Quad Core CPU hangs while running a big app if the OS is not corrupt. Jago grahak jago...
Hi Guys, I am from Pune and Flipcart delivered this phone in 22 hrs :-) Thanks! I have used iPhone in past and currently using Xperia U. I bought this one for my wife but I too use it frequently.. This is my suggestion that anybody with a budget near 15-16k can go for this phone. It is always connected to my home wifi and so far, there is no hanging\heating or any other problem while internet surfing or subway surfing ;-) It looks like exact replica of S3 and you will hardly find any difference in normal usage. Screen resolution really looks good.. You can actually compare both phones in any phone shop. I don't want to comment anything on specifications as what matters to me is actual look n feel and performance. Another big reason for buying this phone is the perfect screen size, I personally feel that Grand\CanvasHD\TitaniumS5 are NOT handy to use and keep in pocket. Camera is fine for taking random pics (we are anyway not going to do professional photography using a mobile phone) Specification freaks can spend 10k more for S3\Nexus4 and 24k more for S4. :P All d best!
I am using this phone for some days and I found the phone to be completely lag free and this phone features great sound quality and decent camera quality. What I believe is that the should have included light sensor. The only con I found is that it's flash light always overpowering images of nearby objects taken in partial or complete darkness. I gave it 5 star only because of it's low price and it's performance is almost at par with galaxy s3. The sound quality is brilliant. The display is very crisp. Overall great phone. I recommend this phone over any other phone at this price tag. This phone deserved to be brought by thousands. And please don't go by It's spec. It's very smooth. Great deal from flipkart and always very prompt service. I received the phone just a day after I ordered.
i have purchased samsung galaxy grand quattro i8552......but wen i trying to video record i couldn't get 720*1280 resolution.....maximum resolution was 720*480........i need an answer from flipkart...... and flip is mentioning about minisim and microsim........but both slots are microsim????
Please dont listen to the other non-certified reviews.. It is a wonderful piece and even easy to handle as compared to the grand duos. Please dont go for micromax as it would just work good for few months but later on ders too much problems on these so called china ka maal. I was confused between grand quattro and htc desire x... but finally decide to go with galaxy grand quattro...apart from htc sense touch, htc lacks in many features which samsung provides... Finally a very right decision to go with galaxy grand quattro... PROS: - Quad core processor at 15k.. just wonderful !! - 1 GB ram and 8 GB internal memory(5 GB available) - even few reviews said that resolution is less... but actualy the display is great at 199 ppi - 4.7 inch screen easy to handle and very slim. - great camera with many features and effects. - just go for it. CONS - front camera VGA. - apps cant be moved to sd card but 8 GB internal is more than enough for all your apps. VERDICT- best phone at 15k.. It costs 16,500 every where even in local shops. flipkart provided 5 % off as well as a 16 GB memory card free..so saved extra 1500.. and hats off to flipkart delivery just in 2 days.
many people think that canvas HD is better then this and i'll prove you wrong: canvas hd is from mmx and this is from samsung....... that means great after sales service...and ofcourse brand value.. canvas hd has usable storage upto 2gb whereas quattro has around 5gb so u can install any app u want and no memory limitation ....graphics are also better (check out benchmark scores)...... overall feel and battry life is also good....... touchwiz is also much more smoother then mmx unknown skin nevigation and FLIPBOARD works perfect...which dsnt work in canvas HD......... the only downside is that canvas HD has better display and a little better camera...... but it is not a deal breaker cuz display as well as camera of quattro are pretty decent....... the games i've played on my quattro are........... dead triger(works without lag) blood and glory (again no lag) temple run(") asphalt 7 (low graphics but still great and no lag) nova 3 (it was laggy) amazing spider man (awesome with a low lag.... non noticable lag) so choice is urs i think it is a great value for money it also has good viewing angles and good color saturation and 720 p playback (not 1080 p)... go for it u won't regret it............. :)
People!!! Before reading my review, Ask yourself this Question : "What are the features & specifications that you are looking in a Smart Phone that costs Rs 16.5K?" Now, Note down all those as points with check boxes in the order of their priority. And now, read my review :- I got this for my younger brother for his birthday. It got delivered to us 11 days back and to be honest, the smile on his face(he is 23), when he flaunts and shows this new gadget to his friends, tells me he is truly happy and more than satisfied. And why won't he be, he is getting the awesome specifications and features of the "High-end" devices for half the price (that too, he didn't have to pay). For a "mid-range" price of Rs 16.5K, this phone offers (reviews form my brother) :- > A 4.7 inches (Big) screen > 480x800 pix WVGA TFT display (which is quite awesome and crystal clear) > A 1.2 GHz "QUAD Core" processor (better than most phones in its range) > A 1 GB RAM (again better than most phones in its range) > An 8 GB internal memory ((again better than most phones in its range) > With a 16 GB Free Micro SD card (Offer on Flipkart) > A 5 MPxl cam and 0.3 Mpxl front cam (he says is enough for him) > It records Videos in HD (720x1280) at 15 fps > A 2000 mAh Battery that easily lasts more than a day. (One day as of now cos of heavy "Exploring" usage :P) > Its a Dual Sim phone!!! (now he has less to worry about his multiple Gi..*ahmm* Contacts) > The stock earphones are great. (he is a music buff) > Great Build Quality > Comes with the Brand "SAMSUNG" (this DOES matter) > Is considered a smaller version of Galaxy Grand but to be honest, "It looks and feels Better, Sleeker & Trendier than Grand" > Runs Android Jelly Bean. Haven't experienced any kind of lag. The Only turn-off I could find about this phone till date is that it lacks accessory support. There are no Cases or Covers for this phone available (anywhere) "Till Now". But that's something which pretty soon will start showing up in the market and on the web. (somebody has got to be working on it) Given that this is a very fresh model. Now, that you have read it all, put a tick mark on those features you wrote down in the beginning, that this device is offering and see for yourself if you should be ordering this or not. (^_^)
Initially i was looking for a smart phone @ 10K range, explored all micromax, karbon, Xolo etc..finally i was about to finalize on Xolo Q 800, it has all the same features and some places it is better like the camera & ppi..but i looked at from service point, in case of any issues.. that is were it was difficult to locate dealer or a service support for xolo..finally 2 points which was better - service & support from samsung - the screen size so bought the Quattro last week, it is amazing and the battery life is too good.. from my side it is thumbs up..
Thanks to Flipkart for timely delivery of the phone. I am a Samsung Smartphone fan and started my debut in buying & using Samsung phones from Galaxy S II. I have purchased Galaxy Note, Note II, Galaxy S Duos, Galaxy Grand, Grand Quattro and now Galaxy S4. All phones are nice and excellent in their areas. This new phone Grand Quattro I got for my elder brother who told me Grand will be too big for him and after seeing this Quattro he instantly loved to use it. He is very happy at its look and features. Before I gave to him I have used and checked all the features for myself and am quite satisfied. Even I say it is better than Grand. Google Sky is working well in this phone where it is not working properly in Grand Duos. Now I am using S4 which is King of the phones. I request Samsung & Flipkart for providing Flip Cover like Grand Duos for this great handset as soon as possible.
I bought this phone a week after it was launched at Poorvika in Chennai. Please don't just read the specs and comment. If you notice everybody who bought it gave it a 5-star rating and all these people who just read reviews and pretended that they were wise beyond their ears gave 1 star. Ever seen a more skewed rating system? 1. Try a hands on demo. You will love it. 2. The display is very clean. I love the crispness of the fonts and images in it. Yes. It isn't Super AMOLED or IPS. But then - do you care about the name or the product? 3. For people who game a lot, this may not be the best option. But Temple Run Oz and a few other games ran at full performance. 4. The battery is really really good. With JuiceDefender and 3G on, it stretches to 2 days. Of course, I use only Twitter, Quora and Mail a lot. I don't Youtube on phone. But I did try a HD video on Youtube over Wifi. It was VERY clear 5. The pricing is very good. I thought of going for an LG or something. But I have 2 service centers for Samsung near my place. Don't know where the LG service station is. Micromax's service stations are fish-markets with people shouting and complaining at the top of their voices. I honestly think it is worth every paise I spent for it (And I bought it for 17.5k). The rates have tanked because of unfavourable/uninformed criticism.
I am going to talk on the most commonly spoken bad remarks... 1stly ...For all these stupid people who put a review without using the phone and also those who compare Samsung to brands like micromax, karbon n other shit companies, u people r big fools. If micromax n karbon are so great according to u then y aren't they in the top 5 mobile companies in the world? Please get a life and do something better rather than Posting unnecessarily n unwanted reviews. 2ndly... I agree Samsung could have done way more better with this phone, but with what this phone has and the performance of this, it is just amazing. No doubt the gpu should have atleast been 230 instead of 203, n the display should have been amoled, but guess what I have played high end games and the experience is good, I wouldn't say great, will if u fools want great then buy the s4 or note 2. So good job done Samsung n as far as the display is concerned , I was very impressed even though it's not amoled, it's got a brilliant colour contrast which makes its experience very close to an amoled display. One more thing it's very good that it is not amoled because the latest researches proved that led's emit a particular radiation which could permanently damage the retina of the eye and there is no cure for this. So people please stop posting crap. Final verdict . No doubt there are stuff missing but this phone is really worth a buy wen compared to any other company, it is far better than Sony in performance and other features like the whole ui. I am giving one star less only because of the missing features.
Use your brain fellow buyers, the only +point in this phone is the Quad core processor and when you compare all other features with GGD it ranks below. I wash from Samsung to Indian customers. This phone is only for Indian Market to compete with other brand sellers in the market, that is it!
I won't give this phone either too high or too low rating.. Been using this for last 1 week. Yes the quad core shows its performance, but sometimes even basic functions like dialler lags.. Camera is average.. Battery backup is very good and so is network reception and call quality.. Games run decently smooth.. even heavy games like Asphalt and Virtua Tennis run without much trouble (occasional frame freezes notwithstanding). The display is not very good but then, at this price you are getting a Quad core phone from Samsung, so thats a plus. Personally I found the Grand too big to handle confortably, this is kind of the perfect size for me.. P.S- For those touting for Micromax- Just wait till your phone develops a snag (which I am sure will happen within 3-4 months). You have to run Piller to post to get it serviced. I live in Kolkata and had to run to 4 places before I found a Service centre.. At least the service of Samsung is much better..
Good looks Good Software various Samsung customization Pretty fast 4.5 GB plenty of space for application and games, I think no need for moving apps to SD and there is no option to do so. Almost all games can be played, may fav is blood and glory legend, Temple run2,OZ,Brave, Six Gun, Contract killer, real racing.. Out of the box Video player can not play 1080p video but MX player can play in S/W mode. Camera is good can take 720p at 30fps Very good Display, there are various motion control options and stay awake feature as in Galaxy grand. What i did not like is battery backup, takes a bit time to charge Micro Sim only No light sensor You will get same hardware in Karbonn S5 titanium which is 3k less, but if you are ok with service, software and not so branded.
Micromax has poor customer support once u buy nxt tym it does not wrk its nt even wrth going in the dustbin. Samsung has a brand name and giving good competition to micromax cheap phones.. Samsung quattro is best with the budget whereas micromaxx canvas 3 has poor resolution wasted money phone
It is really great product. One should buy it blindly. According to quadrant software, it is just 2 percent slower than galaxy S2. A must buy product for very cheap price. I am very much satisfied. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Cortex A-5 Processor (launched 3 yrs ago)be it a quad core. Low res display no IPS .5MP camera(not up to the mark). I think the Grand Duos would be a better choice, not to fooled by quattro's quad core processor.Just don't go after the sales persons recommendation about the device they may fool many who don't know about the hardware.
Got this phone at 15.2k in kolkata.. Really impressed wid its all round performance.. A5 Quad core is from qualcomm..so it does a more dan decent job.. Did synthetic benchmark tests and here r d results.. ANTUTU gave it 10913 ( Samsung galaxy s3 gets around 15-16k) QUADRANT STANDARD gave it 4669 ( better dan Galaxy note 1) Screen is not amoled.. but unless u use it dont comment on it coz its not an ordinary tft screen.. Videos look live and real.. and games..I play Real Racing 3,a 1.2 GB game..it runs blazing fast.. Jellybean 4.1.2 works like a charm.. Touchwiz is mindblowingly smooth..and the camera is perfect for day to day tasks. On benchmark tests it beats Grand hands down. Overall,I'd give it 5 stars.. There is no fon even at 20,000 wich can match dis phone..Have been using it for 2 weeks,cudnt be more satisfied.. Thank You Samsung.. :)
This is a great phone with decent features for it's price. The quad core processor is of Cortex A5 architecture, the original Grand's Cortex A9 processor is only a little better, but hey this phone is 3k cheaper!!!! And all those who say that this phone has a weak GPU i.e (Adreno 203) go n watch benchmarking reviews for the phone! It whoops the Xperia L which is priced higher by the way! You have to maintain a certain balance in your hardware, you cant have a powerful gpu and a weak processor or vice versa or something called as 'bottleneck' happens (Don't know what it is?? Google it!) and this phone hits the sweet spot when it comes to balance! It even beats the LG Optimus L9 in the benchmarks! And yes the video recording is not at 15 fps, it is at 30 fps, quoted wrong by flipkart, don't believe me? Watch the reviews yourself! And OMG, people are crazy enough to compare this to Micromaxx!! Micromaxx does not match Samsung in terms of quality and service! And rightly pointed out by Mr Saurabh Bhatt, all negative comments from non certified users! ( I know i'm not one too, but i'm not crazy like the rest of them!) All in all great overall experience! A must buy if you are looking for a decent Mid-range phone backed up by brilliant Samsung service! :D
See it is Value FoR MoNeY$$$ IT has got good Specs and would say it to be a GALAXY NOTE II MINI Awesome Specs packed into a smallllll Device 1GB Ram ,Quad-Core Processor,Big Screen,Adreno 203 Graphics ,JB Android Os Best Android device you can have in Rs 17000
As always, prompt delivery from flipkart. And as for the phone... To all those idiots who are giving this phone bad review without even buying the phone and just looking at spcs. If you want a high tech phone, be ready to loosen your purse and stop looking for a phone that will be less than 20k. It is not going to happen so just stop wasting your time. =D To all those who want a good quality phone that is not too damaging to your bank, definitely go for this deal. I absolutely love the fact that this deal also includes a 16 GB external memory. I checked quite a few local shops in our area but none matched this price. The only downside that I found with this phone was that this phone does not allow playback of HD videos. So keep that in mind before buying. P.S. Funny how NONE of the bad reviewers have 'Certified Buyer' badge. Says a lot, huh? LOL
The Quad core made me buy the product. But there are several negative points. 1. The Camera only captures images similar to a 2 MP camera. Images size is damly small of Max. 1 Mb. Believe I saw some images in Kb!! Yes Indeed in Kb. Video recording is the poorest thing in the phone. 5 MP camera and it records in only 15 fps. Samsung is hiding facts from its users. A 2 MP camera captures videos in 15fps. If you wish you can check the same feature in Galaxy Y 5360. It has got 2MP camera and captures videos in 15fps !! Moreover the hardware is of very cheap quality. A 2000Rs. mobile from samsung comes with a better hardware. Screen resolution is also very poor. I got a shock when I make a compare with Gamsung Galaxy Grand which has a dual core. Samsung Galaxy grand runs more fast than this poor product. Jusy think, If samsung cam fit a 2MP camera in the name of 5MP than they can surely put only 1gz. processor in the name of Quad core. I am writing this review so that you may not get fooled as I have suffered huge loss. Samsung has released this phone to wipe out companies like micromax and Karbon. You can also check the same that samsung has released this product only in India and will not release the same in other countries. Because there is no micromax or karbon on other countries. Just think, why company will provide q quad core if note 2 have the same!! I did a huge mistake, please you do not repeat the same.
this is a good option for a buyer who want to buy a phone having phablet experience in Budget!!!! also u will feel like handling phones like Galaxy S3,Galaxy Grand and other high range phones of the Samsung...camera is good and speed of phone is also better than grand duos bcoz of Quad Core Processor......Best phone in its segment...
frienzzz.... i wil sugest u to buy this phone...its worth buying it.... i was confused to buy a gud phone but finally i bought SANSUNG GALAXY GRAND QUATTRO it from flipkart..... except the front camera everything is awesome... Sangeeta Deka
people are writing there reviews without using phone. ok the only bad thing about this phone is that it cant shoot HD videos, otherwise this phone even beat galaxy grand in most benchmarks. if u really own this phone then plz do benchmark and then tell people what kind of phone is this.I have playe almost all HD games and all played flawlessly not a single app was lagging and what people want in a phone.
Take your time for reaading.It's a fact and can help you out.First of all,Don't believe people who are comparing Samsung with Micromax.For a micromax phone,They compare it with Samsung and say Samsung is better(In terms of build quality and other stuffs).When you go to the review section of Canvas HD,people compared it with Galaxy grand and said the latter had a cortex a9 architecture wiile the former had an A7.Now,Grand quattro is built on Cortex A5 Arch.What would you say to this?Cortex A5 is inferior to Cortex A9 in terms of almost everything.Now those stupids write insane reviews saying The "benchmark" scores are higher.Now when you say this has a TFT display,They will try to convince you saying it's still better.They are unrelenting.This shows how emphasized they are to Samsung. If you want,go and read the reviews of Galaxy S4.See how Samsung is criticized of its build quality and other things.Samsung has a bad marketing strategy of dumping its low cost phones with a "high" price tag into Indian markets because they think we are fools.And you Jackasses still don't realize it.
this oneis a total crap from samsung using old proceesors no doubt it is quad core but it cant even match level of new dual core ones... samsung is making fool people and try to cut micromax market.. never go for this one tft screen holy shit u can find this screen in 3000 range mobiles,,no ips ,,nothing,,,samsung is just looting peoples dont go for it go for canvas hd the best piece available
this phone is really really worth the price..more than you expect..all sub-standard brands are not upto the mark in this price range..awesome scree, processor and RAM are enough, camera is too good and display is quite outstanding..definitely buy this one over any other in this budget..
i purchased the phone for 16500. im fully satisfied with the phone. pros+ 1.2ghz&1gbram 4.7 screen ppi..199 internal 8gb better looks better camera in daylight dual sim external memory 32gb cons- nighttime camera 1day battery totally the best phone in its class....
When purchased it was told by the dealer its browsing speed is faster than GALAXY GRAND, but it is slow than galaxy grand It doesn't support 3g duos and only one SIM supports 3G It looks Samsung is only branding its name with less features and heavy price KARBON is more better with half price and more features Dr. Anish Gupta
okay get this... a quad core (so they say), 5 MP camera, DUAL SIM phone from SAMSUNG below 20k? They really are upto something.... checked at samsung's official website - same story... home they double check their product pricing again... or somebody has gone crazy
I bought this mobile on 04/05/2013 and i am very impressed from its performance, look and features available in this range. In one word great phone from Samsung.
Please do not compare this with all other local handset like micromax. i have used micromax canvas 2 for a long time but still i have made a choice to purchase this handset. Some of reasons are 1. Micromax is good only on paper configurations they only provides hardware but not a good software like samsung.When i was using micromax than on XDA all memebers of canvas always looking for samsung like features like smart stay samsung like fonts samsung like notification panel samsung like lock screen blaah blaah blaah. i am using this mobile last 7 days and i found many exciting feature that make this mobile awesome like smart stay,weather and news on lock screen,motion like smart alert,shake to update,turn over to mute/pause and also you can make your own vibration as you wish. And i am sure that these feature we can not expect from micromax. 2.Screen size RAM,processor,battery backup are great no issue here. 3. And last one is when i was using micromax canvas 2 than everyone that meet me and saw my cell than they say that is it SAMSUNG at that point i got some bad feeling and told them no it is micromax and than they said that ohhh it is chineeseee. 4 in this cell i found only one cons that is absent of light sensor except that i found everything fine. so dont worry or confused guys micromax is good in configuration but not so good in software terms and in a smartphone software is only a thing that make use of phone more easy to handle. And in hardware side we can take a example of HTC nad sony both of companies not giving as much hardware but their handset can do such a jobs that can not done by even a quad core by any other local companies handsets.
Fist of all , i dont understand,,Why many people who dont own the phone or havent used it are writing poor reviews.And as far as cortex a9 and a5 is concerned , just google samsung quattro benchmarks test and u will see, that its performance is certaainly better than phones with a9 cortex, And stop comparing samsung with micromax,karbonn etc, Samsung is bigger brand name with with good sevrice and ofcourse quality prouctss, And those who want to buy micromax or karboon or some brands , buy it urself, dont post crap reveiws and make negative reviews about other products.Also those concerned with adreno 203 gpu,yes i agree its not that great , but it performs adequately ,and regarding tft displays, many phones priced higher than this phones dont have that display. It is a quality phone with good cost to performance ratio.
I am completely satisfied with the specification, especially with the processor and extended memory support. Quadrant standard test result was satisfactory. Found 2 issues, during data access heat emission is slightly high, body heated up very quickly.
All those who say that the processor is outdated should know that it is an upgraded Cortex A5...which performs as good as any 1.2GHz processor....honestly, i don't care much about the camera and the multi window features....and how many of us actually do video conferences????? Buy this work of art with your eyes closed....and for God's sake...plz don't opt for Micromax Canvas...it works fine for a while...then major glitches appear out of nowhere.....and they have the older Cortex A5 processor...which indeed, is shitty....;)
i dont know why people are rating these mobile so low whether they have problem with samsung launching these phone in india or with the the hardware inside if the problem lies with the hardware then the following are the benchmark results of the phone compared to other phones also samsung galaxy grand(quattro) samsung galaxy grand MMX canvas hd quadrant standard- 4385 3766 3696 antutu benchmark- 10910 6870 12766 nenamark 2 - 42.9fps 58.8fps 40.2fps multi touch - 5 10 5 price - 16500 19800 14999 these are the score of the benchmarking its a great device for its price around 16.5k.U cannot question on samsung service and there is no comparison between samsung and micromax related to service(please visit to the nearest doctor if u think that micromax is better). about GAMING it can run all low and mid level games buttery smooth but in high end games like nova 3 and asphalt 7, it run in low setting but the gameplay is then also buttery smooth while playing nova 3 and asphalt 7 in low settings(GTA,NFS most wanted run smoothly). the screen does not looks pixalated at all so at the end its ur call whether to buy it or not.
Guys those who are looking for good camera, good processing speed, good battery back up . . . its 4 u. Plz Dont buy micromax,xolo,lava,karbon bcz they may give u good attracting features and at low price but worst quality,no service support,no parts. Eventhough if u lik 2 buy any unbranded phone, think million times bcz u r pouring garbage on ur own head. someone in review said samsung is making indians fool. its wrong dont compare samsung wit micromax, xolo, karbon. compare it wit sony,nokia. if you want highend phones at low price goahead for china mobiles, its tooooo low. ha ha ha Flipkart provide some very good offers man lik 5%dis, free mem crd...
plzz dont buy this phone..dont call it a dedicated gpu, it just a adreno 203 its damn old.. its been a while i heard about this gpu.. also it has a quad core a5 processor.. it would have be better if it would be a a7..and nothing special in the display its like those old TFT LCD displays... rather go for galaxy grand its a lot better and just a thousands more
if you compare this phone with other phones available in market. it's best at this price tag. other options can be micromax, lava etc. you can't trust brands like micromax and lava, samsung is no 1 mobile phone brand and it has best customer support among all. there is no comparison between third class chinda made micromax types of mobile and Samsung phones. i brought canvas 2 few months back and it was a very bad idea going for brands like micromax. poor build quality, poor customer support by micromax... go for good brands ... you are getting the product of price you are paying ..
So all the guys out there who say this phone is amazing, stop fooling others This phone packs a 3 year old A5 quad core which is very very very SLOW,LG L9 dual core proccesor is twice faster than quattros A5. The GPU Is a very slow Adreno 205. So if you are thinking to get this phone,stop right there and search for LG L9 or Xperia L which is much much much better than this crap
Same design trend follows. Much cheaper hardware. Phone service must be bad as customer care people will continue to say its a' trial ' series phone. no decent display. overall Samsung has lost its bite in this segment.
For those who are criticizing its display,I know its TFT but i don't see any problem with it,the resolution is ~199ppi,its actually samsung galaxy grand's screen squeezed into a smaller frame so its more sharper than grand,not being AMOLED or IPS display actually compliments its battery life.. So please check out its display in person before writing your crap over here.. Biggest pro of this phone is battery, it easily lasts a whole day. 1 Gb ram also helps you through productive multitasking. Dedicated Graphics gives a decent gaming experience which is further complimented by the screen size. Sophisticated games like nova 3 runs smoothly without lag by bringing down the details a little bit, It's true that its hardware is not the latest but its performance surely is, compare it with any smartphone in this range and it will lead, below are the benchmark scores. BENCHMARK SCORES OF QUATTRO Quadrant Standard - 4385 NenaMark2 - 42.8 AnTuTu Benchmark - 10910 (4 stars) Multi Touch points - 5 NOTE- It scores higher than SONY XPERIA L(18990 bucks) in two of these three benchmarks. Dual sim option, Quad core processor, JELLY BEAN 4.1.2, 1GB RAM, Dedicated graphics chip and 2000mAh battery makes it a complete package.. Front camera is the only con i found abt this phone, But people who don't video chat often like me won't even notice it.. So all those who are confused, they should definitely check out this phone in person,It might be everything you are looking for at this point of time..
Purchased the Quattro from Samsung Cafe at Rs.17600 yesterday(4th may 13). Have installed resource heavy games like temple run-2, few others. The phone handles them like Spiderman would handle a bunch of amateur thieves. Smooth! No lag whatsoever. The screen is bright, colors are excellent. Though technicals like low ppi and stuff has been endlessly discussed, the screen is superb. PERIOD. Though the phone offers 8 gb internal mem, only around 5mb is free. I feel the 5mb is more than sufficient for a regular user like me. Internet is blazing fast..video is good, camera is excellent for a 5mp. Front cam is a useless 0.3mp. The jelly bean OS is in a league of its own. All those losers who have bought LUMIAs, CANVASs and are writing bad reviews for this awesome phone, cant be expected to do otherwise, coz anyone who has says LUMIA/CANVAS is better, is because he/she has already bought a LUMIA/CANVAS and is trying to convince himself/herself that their LUMIA/CANVAS is better. Truth is i tried out a friend s LUMIA 720 for a full 24 hours, and it SUCKS big time. The OS win 8 stutters, the good apps are to be paid for, screen is average, internal free memory is low, RAM is 512, exactly HALF of that of QUATTRO, internet experience is not even close to QUATTRO. Processor is dated. One of the very few positives for LUMIA is the ADRENO 305 graphics, but what use is the graphics without worthy APPS??Camera is an other plus for the LUMIA compared to QUATTRO. Though the notorious WIN OS dint crash when i was using it, i expect it start showing its true colors after heavy use. Quattro is miles ahead in terms of good user experience as compared to LUMIA and useless pieces of crap like XOLOs, KARBONs , MICROMAXs etc. Just go for it people. QUATTRO rocks! I am rating it 4...coz there is no option of 4.5....Half point less coz of the useless front cam and ADRENO 203 graphics
samsung idea is to take out quadcore gap set by Micromax, Karbonn,Lava .....etc.It has targetted this set of customers.People who require quad core phone with good brand value will opt for Quattro.Its a great strategy by Samsung..definetly sales of Indian Brand quad core mobiles will lose its share. oopps Samsung is very aggressive....
This phone looks Good but the the Hardware and the screen quality is really outdated and the Video recording at 15 fps seriously? This phone is just made to give a challenge with the micromax canvas series..! my advice do not buy it it litreally has way outdated Screen and hardware..!
No Amoled display? No IPS Display? ony tft screen :P Lg Optimus L9 p765 17k or Xolo q800 12k and u will get Lava iris 501 same specs and price 8k. But in my opinion Lg Optimus L9 p765 best. U should compare this phone with Lg Optimus p765. Check the review of this phone. Samsung come with Ips display or amoled display @17k.
Confusion : GSMArena says the SoC is 2013's underclocked Snapdragon 200 (8625Q) which is a 28nm chipset. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snapdragon_(system_on_chip) (Find on this page for 8625Q, u'll get two results, one in S4 family and other in 200 Family) Whereas some other sites say that the SoC is Snapdragon S4 MSM8625Q (45nm die 2013 release) Whom to believe?
wud u tell me .. which one is good betwn samsung galaxy win and mmx canvas hd a116..bcoz both d cell phones hav almost d same features.. MMX CANVAS HD: 8 MP Primary Camera Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB HD Recording 1.2 GHz Quad Core Processor Android v4.1.2 (Jelly Bean) OS 5-inch LCD Capacitive Touchscreen Dual SIM (GSM + GSM) 2 MP Secondary Camera SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND QUATTRO (WIN): Android v4.1.2 (Jelly Bean) OS 0.3 MP Secondary Camera 4.7-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen HD Recording 1.2 GHz Quad Core Cortex-A5 Processor Wi-Fi Enabled Dual Standby SIM (GSM + GSM) 5 MP Primary Camera.. PlZ RPLY..
Well this is just a middle range mobile with all the features of high end. Pros 1) Size - can fit into pocket 2) 1 GB Ram 3) Snapdragon 200 1.2 Quad core (its on par with dual core A9 on Grand) Cons 1) Adreno 203 GPU(Not the best) 2) It uses 45nm arch not 28nm. 3) 5mp camera, snapdragon 200 supports upto 8Mp 4) Video recording 720p@ 15fps while snapdragon 200 supports 30fps Overall it is a good mobile. It could be priced @15k and it will be hot mobile in market.
FIRST CONVINIENT SIZE SCREEN,SPECIALLY FOR POCKET HOLDER.GOOD PHOTO GRAPHICS,GOOD BATTRERY BACKUP AND GOOD RAM.PRICE IS LITTLE MORE,BUT TRULY SPEAKING GOOD TO BUY.FOR LADIES IT IS GOOD PHONE.GOOD INTERNATE SPEED.
I love to counter reviews that are written with an emotional bias. I understand that the phone does not have amazing technology. But the fact is that its not for people who LOVE amazing tech. Go for slightly more expensive phones if you want that. This phone is for the following people: 1). Those who want the perfect screen size. Not too big but big enough to watch movies and enjoy games. 2). Those who arent power users and want their phone to last a day. A 2000 MAH battery will guarantee that. I repeat, people who aren't massive power users. 3). The processor tech is old, agreed. It is a 45NM SOC which was popular during 2011. However, very powerful phones are still running a 45NM Chipset and they perform well. Will play games and all with relative ease. 4). Most importantly, this is for dual sim users who want a decent phone. However, the phone is not all good either. The size is 4.7 inches. One would ideally desire nice sharp images. This may not seem important but trust me, the screen is the most visible piece of equipment in a phone. That's the only thing a user looks at majority of the time. This phone is 199ppi. Which is not bad. Galaxy Grand quattro doesnt have the sharpest screen around. If you're ok with that then great. I believe each samsung phone caters to a very specific target market. This is a great phone for a lot of users.
what ever happens just dont ever buy this phone its a piece of junk.Quad core A5??? better buy a phone with dual core A9 processor which will anyday be better than this junk.720p @ 15fps why on earth would anyone want that.15fps are you kidding me!!!!single core phone with A8 architecture could do 720p@30fps way back in 2010.this is just inexcusable. Only thing good about this phone is dual-sim support which always has been great on samsung phones n 1gb of ram.
I love the size of this mobile since I feel 5 inch grand duos has uncomfortable size. If lime pie update is announced for this handset sure this will be a smashing hit. I will buy this after reading the review from gsmarena.
