Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos S6802@@@After using this as my primary phone since july 2012, I am ready to to review this Cons 1 - very average battery life 2 - network connectivity is poorer compared to other models. 3 - poor performance in gaming. very slow even in normal day to day work. 4 - hangs if goes out of network and you try making a call. You cannot even initiate calls for a 10-20 minutes after that. 5 - in my 18 months of usage, it started giving me problems from 6-7 months onward. 6 - keyboard hangs randomly. and you cannot type anything for 10-20 minutes after that. Pros 1 - my first smartphone. 2 - Android Verdict Better not to buy this model. You will regret keeping this , even if it is for free
this mobile isn't the right mobile for anyonne !!! no samsung product has decent features within the range of 20000 rs. i think it is really not worth 13 grand !!!! this was about an year ago... actually i am kinda happy i lost this phone ... cuz now i have a micromax canvas doodle 2 and i'm pretty satisfied !!!
dont know why samsung has not reduced price even now when they have launched so many new models which are far better than this dont understand theri criteria,they should price it between 6000 and thats what should be its real price as it has nothing special slow laggy processor very outdated gpu screen resolution is ok internal memory is ok dual functionality is good camera is good but the performance is zero for this price if ther price becomes 6000 than you can think about it
i am using the phone for the last 1 year and still it is running smooth and fabulous....if get it below Rs.6000/- then u should go for it.
I bought this phone along with Sony Experia E (gifts for my dad and mom). Since both of them were of similar price, I expected both to have similar experience. The Galaxy ace duos is much laggier than the Experia. It also hangs a lot and the performance is slow. Screen resolution leaves much to be desired. Well, I guess that's what you get for the price.
Don't go for this stupid phone. Less memory, bakwas processor and super useless GUI. Better go for Micromax or other phones. Cheap plastic and buggy. Don't buy...!!!
Not much good. I dont not advice anyone to take this. very slow and nonsense phone Not much good. I dont not advice anyone to take this. very slow and nonsense phone
this mobile is very poor quality.Their is many problems 1)Hanging problem 2)Very slow 3)performance low 4)headphone is damage withtin 4 months 1)Hanging problem 2)Very slow 3)performance low 4)headphone is damage withtin 4 months
This is a dual active sim enabled phone, a breed that is out of existence today.. Which is why we got this one without giving it much thought. To our surprise it turned out to be pretty OK! It has a limited RAM, so you would not be able to perform heavy duty multi tasking, but has enough to get on with the regular stuff like whatsapp, facebook, browser and temple run.. The battery back up is decent and the call clarity is good too.. If you are looking for a dual sim active, you dont have much choice anyway and this will be a better choice..
I am a regular customer to flipkart, i am an electronic freak, i keep buying new products... Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos S6802 is a good decent mobile, when i bought this it was 6800rs just in 3 months the price got increased to 11999 dont know coz of the demand.. camera quality is good , sound is decent but sometimes more applications are opened at the same time , the phone gets hanged.. 2,1 android is little low android version.. battery is ok not bad.. But i am not sure if its worth for the current market price.. I have ordered xperia E. yet again Flipkart has delivered the product before the expected date..
buy it .u ll get more than u paid..i mean 5mpxl cam ,3.5''screen in just 6799.. amazing flipkart .amazing price
I kindly request people reading this review...PLZ do not buy this piece of s*** For 13k u wud get an awesome Canvas HD. This phone has a 2.3 OS from the stone age...U cannot download the best games such as Temple Run 1 or 2 or SUBWAY SURF on this s*** This has been issued in public interest...PLZ dont buy this phone. I am going thru lots with this phone, so much so that i cannot mention them
This was my first order at Flipkart. and 3 things amazed me the most. 1. Delivery Time 2. Discounts offered (bargain for me, its still not available at the price I bought it for) 3. Brilliant product with up to date features and user friendly. I bought it for my father in order to get him a first hand experience on Android based device. Only touch sensitivity could have been better. However, no complains given the bargain buy. Cheers to Flipkart!
I'm using this mobile for last one year. Very very very slow phone, Poor battery backup, Camera better than average, Panel quality is very poor. Only my happy is still not went to service center (But I used this mobile very rarely) .
Its not a good phn at all. Started hanging from day one.. Motherboard got replaced after 15 days bt still keeps on hanging most of the time...Wastage of money. Very unsatisfied from Samsung ace duos s6802
THIS PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD FACILITY & CONDITION To assure the smooth running of apps, the device comes
I am happy to say that I got this Mobile in good condition, and at the best price. This was the lowest price I found by comparing all other site. Flipkart is doing nice job and I like to Shop more from Flipkart
I dont care about other user's comment. But, for me .. its a Very Good Rough & Tough phone. I am using it for my office purpose. I get 60-70 calls per day. It works properly. Yes, it was on the expensive side 11,200/-. But now, for 8,399/- is a damn good phone.
The microphone of my Samsung Galaxy Ace GT-S5830i bought from Flipkart for Rupees 10300.00 went bad within 6 months. I postponed visiting Samsung service center as it means spending half a working day on the visit. Finally, 40 days before the 1-year warranty period was to expire, I visited the service center. They changed the microphone. But, they were holding the motherboard with their bare hands without any anti-static protection; so maybe they communicated it new problems while fixing the old problem. The microphone worked nicely for 5 - 6 hours. The next morning, the microphone is dead once again. Samsung online service center simply tells me to go back to the service center. I have to wait another day or two as I cannot go on a working day. In the meanwhile, my warranty period ticks away. Samsung won't add any months to the warranty period while the problem is being sorted out. Even for a washing machine costing less than 10000 rupees, the service people make home visits. For a mobile phone of the same price, we have to visit the service center and hope that there is no queue there. Is there somebody in India that can give me justice? Samsung is running a SCAM! Their service center is simply a mechanism to help the warranty clock tick away. My flipkart order number is OD21030171472
The pfone is a fair product for the price and works quite well. Though at times it hangs and we may have to restart it. It works best if you don't load it up with lots of Apps..just use necessary apps and you will enjoy it.
I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos S6102, on charging the product it failed to switch on, replacement was done and my wallet credited for next purchase. Thank you flipkart
I liked this product this is a wonderful phone and features are good for and this phone is suited for college students but not for business people. Moreover the accountability, sensibility, habitability and Sound Audibility is more good compared to Nokia phones.
Bad purchase- I regret the decision to buy this mobile when it was a new launch, I know its a delayed review. PROS- 5 mp Camera- pictures are really nice. CONS- no Zoom, no LED flash, pictures are really dark without light. PROS- Battery is real good. CONS- charges quickly before n doesn't do it afterwards, also discharges quickly. more Cons- doesn't play basic Apps n games like Temple Run 2 etc which can be played in less expensive phones like HTC Explorer, very disappointing. lags on almost all Apps- 800 MHz processor n 2 GB internal Storage doesn't help. Bluetooth doesn't work with most Samsung phones, can u believe that! Dual sim creates issues- goes to Vibrate/silent mode on receiving/making calls, even service center could not fix issue after resetting all data. Without these basic features like LED/Zoom on Camera n good processor, I don't think this Samsung product qualifies for a good rating.
I've bought this handset a month ago. Based on my experience I think it is okay as a first smartphone. That too only if you get it at a discounted price and not above 10K ( I got it below INR 8K). Overall performance of the product is reasonable and Flipkart's logistics are impeccable. Here are some key observations on the product. what is Good? 1. decent voice clarity and signal reception 2. 5MP camera is good in daylight 3. resolution is clear enough even outdoors What is not so good? 1. Not dual active SIM ( I tested this with 4 different network combinations using vodaphone, docomo, reliance and aircel sim cards) 2. limited RAM which is not so suitable for running multiple applications 3. No proximity sensor (reduces ease of use with or without screen lock) 4. No flash
I gifted it to my brother. Its quite a surprise package. It really lived upto the galaxy image. The features are good considering the price I bought it for. The packaging as always was flawless. Flipkart rocks!!
Hi I purchased this mobile before 6months, Its a waste mobile, Please dnt go with mobile. Too much complaints, dead slow mobile, Smart Dual Not working. touch hanged every-time. I want to give 0 rating. WrostWrostWrostWrostWrostWrost
I have purchased this product 2 weeks ago and this is the worst phone i am using it. it doesn't have the basic feature like proximity sensor which is very useful during calls. I am unable to disconnect my call easily. Moreover it doesn't support the better games like temple run and the subway surfer etc. if you are going for this then i request you to increase your budget and go for Samsung S Duos which is far-far better than this one.
Good and bought it for just Rs.6800 good for the price thanks flipkart Waiting for more offers like this phone has internal memory 2+gb, 5mp cam drawback is this phone has no flash but for the price i have paid this is more than enough... thanks flipkart
I must have taken the advice of the other reviewers here. The thing that you can boast about this phone is the price (much high, now slashed). I bought this for 11K. Very slow, hangs often, if you want to dial a number in emergency situation god save you because by the time this phone wakes up you'll be dead. No flash. camera is average. A complete waste of money. Try something else. Samsung- spend some bucks, make a bit better machines in lower price range too.
1. camera- no difference b/w 5mp and 2mp (samsung duos lite) zoom quality is very bad pixels are blurred.autofocus camera feature is very bad compare to nokia. 2. very slow processing ,it takes 5 seconds to open screen lock. 3. youtube streaming video quality is very very bad is useless. 4. battery backup 1day(needs daily charging). 5. no adobe flash. its real price should not more than 5k.buy samsung duos lite instead of this. i have used both mobiles.dont go according with its specification , please check first quality. i have buy this phone from flipkart in 6799.but i m not satisfied.
Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos S6802 ========================== Pros: ==== Dual Active Sim Design Cons: ===== Old Hardware Old Android Version Low Battery backup(very bad) Worst camera No flash light No adobe flash player No secondary camera Hangs lot if u have installed near 6-9 apps No support for android 2.3(It means u cannot use high end apps like temple run,subway surfer) Flipkart is nowadays selling their product with high price and low quality and support.
GREAT PHONE,GOOD 5MP CAMERA,BATTERY BACK UP IS GOOD.....MOST IMPRESSIVE FEATURES OF THIS PHONE IS DUAL ACTIVE PHONE....WHILE YOU ARE TALKING WITH SIM 1 NETWORK,IF THE PHONE CALL COMES IN SIM 2...IT WILL NOTIFY YOU IN SIM 1 AS CALL WAITING,,,,,,,THANKS TO FLIPKART FOR SELLING THIS PHONE FOR RS6799,HAT'S OFF TO FLIPKART FOR FAST DELIVERY ALSO
I would say Ace Duos is a decent phone, and I say that despite having used galaxy S4 for two and half months now. The only major problem I have with it is that it locks up when you make a call and you have to double tap to open it and then it locks again in 2 seconds, I read on the net that it is because the phone does not have proximity sensors-----Is that a software thing or hardware thing ---- except for that problem I am quite OK with the phone.
I got this phone from Dubai....it is really good and has great features. Even without a flash, the camera gives good picture quality. Plus you can always download and install whatever you want from google play. I especially love the sound quality of the earphones and the music player. The only drawback is that it does not have a front camera and a flash(torch light). Else it's a cool phone.
Pros: -> 3.5" Screen(main advantage) -> Nice voice quality and good quality headset -> 5 MP Camera -> Better dual sim -> 512 MB RAM -> Net surfing in 2G network is pretty fast -> Nice design -> Touch sensitivity is quite good -> Good display Cons: -> Android 2.3 Gingerbread is not the latest one(cannot run TEMPLE RUN,SUBWAY SURFERS and some other apps) -> Battery drains fast while playing games -> 832 MHz processor(atleast 1GHz is needed) This is the best phone for average users(not for gamers).I am satisfied with SAMSUNG GALAXY ACE DUOS S6802.
I got it just for Rs.6100... Great product for value..... ... ............. ...... ...... ......... Also flipkart delivered very fasty... But if you for higher priced for phone, go for Sony xperia phones
nice phone with cheapest price only available in flipkart.. samsung ace duos.. 3gb internal memory 5MP camera stylish phone..
It is very nice phone....battery backup is also good...I have loaded many games and videos from youtube..it just works fine and does not freeze up...Flipkart - WS retail is providing good discount on this phone....thumbs up to flipkart..the phone is working as smooth as butter... Wireless works fine...only u cannot load temple run and subway surfers...overall very good and better than cheaper karbonn and micromaxx as you never get an original battery in those brand as there marketing strategy is not to release battery in market
Hello first of all for the price which i paid i can say it is awesome mobile with the trusted brand SAMSUNG. However for the price tag more then that it is not worth to buy this mobile. There are few cons. Processor is outdated, now you can get a dual core at this price. Lags when 7-8 apps installed. Flash player do not work. No updates to android version , only Gingerbread :( However one should note that its good for the price and works awesome like GPS , WIFI CAMERA, SOUND (Bit cranky) , good quality headphones with different ear buds. nice touch , 2 GB internal memory and 1 GB for apps. and lastly you can sell it for good price after using it for a year as its SAMSUNG mobile :)
pros: -->3.5" screen -->5MP camera -->2GB internal memory --> good battery backup with 1300 mah cons: -->android 2.3 older os there is no upgradation to newer versions --> RAM memory available 320MB only i got this only for 5779/- so its satisfied worth of it.
I was quite skeptical while buying this phone. But guys this phone just rocks. The wifi connectivity is good. The GUI interface is very smooth without any lags. The camera and the Music player volume are excellent. And i got this phone for just Rs.6119 what else can you expect from a branded product at this price.
It is an excellent product ..you can buy this product by closing your eyes. Because it is smarter and bigger phone within the lower budget. I am satisfied very much.......Samsung has released excellent product in the form of ace duos s6802
This phone is a crap in Galaxy series. While playing games, outgoing/incoming calls, using 3G and surfing net it hangs completely and you need to give up your battery from mobile phone and restart again to work properly. 832 MHz Processor with 512 MB RAM is not a good combination if you are using Android phone (For this phone I noticed). I purchased it @11,500 sometime back and believe me after using 2 days I posted an ad to sell out @ 10,000/-. Everytime you need to go to settings and select WCDMA network and then you will be able to enable 3G. There should be some direct button available for same. I like only 1 thing in this phone, that is 5 MP Camera which has good clarity.
The features are good, user interface is good....but its is DAMN slow.....so frustrating.... i think it has serious problem with the processor speed...it takes atleast 2 -3 f seconds to respond on any clicks...
Worst phone. Takes 5 seconds to turn ON the screen after an incoming call. Battery backup, speed, performance, quality, OS .. everything is pathetic. Please do not buy this even at 5K. Buy somethng from micromax if you really have a low and a tight budget. Mine is still under warranty but no hopes from it at all. I simply rooted it and flashed a custom ROM. Its far more better now but the hardware is still crappy. Very very bad phone.
after 5 days bought this product, phone got hang, internet icon disable,I had to give it to Service centre to repair it, now its power button is not working, touch screen not working properly, within 15 days I got many problems with the phone. Feel that Flipkart sold me second hand product. All over very horrible experience.
I ordered this phone on May 28,2013 & to my surprise it was delivered on May 30,2013 to a non-metro city , Varanasi,UP. First impression gives a pre-iPhone 5 looks (3.5" display). The UI is attractive when you turn on all animations (that will drain your battery). The packing was average. Cannot say much about the product since its been only a day after I received it.
plss veiwer dnt buy thi ace its d wortest phn ever in it hw much ull load this phn wid app n software it will wrk slowwwEr n sloWer so pls dnt buy ittt i hav use it frm past 7 month nw im gng to buy samsung galaxy grand
definitely dear its a nice mobile and as i am using it from past 8 months i will say a big YES. if it is your first samrtphone definitely go for it but if it is second then you think little bit. its all features are VERY-GOOD but only one demerit exists that it has a battery problem. i mean if you use internet very frequently its not good as while using net its backup is not very good otherwise its battery is also somewhat ok........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I purchased this mobile from Lanka market of Varanasi on 24th Feb. 2013 and I paid only 11000 Rs and I got memory card (4GB) free with this mobile. Mobile is very good. In sunlight picture quality is amazing and picture quality is 100 times better than the picture of 8MP camera of the mobiles of Micromax, Celkon and other local brands. nice finish and beautiful designed mobile. Screen is also too much responsive and only drawback is its RAM, 512 RAM is less and sometimes mobile responds slowly. Absent of Flash is also a big issue. Both SIMs are dual active and it is a nice useful feature. In nutshell, it is good mobile in this price range and I would like to give 4 star to it.
One of the good phones from Samsung with affordable cost. The dual sim works good and speed is also fine. But it could have an LED flash and the RAM could be still increased a bit. the 5 MP camera is awesome. The weight is also less. Thanks to Flipkart for delivering a good mobile with this speed. Simply to say, a good mobile and an entry level android phone...
Samsung Galaxy ACE Dual Sim phone is very good in terms of internal memory compared to Single sim. The only backdrop I could asses in dual sim is the non availability of Flash for camera. In single sim there is a Flash which is really required for a high end phone.
I purchased this mobile in november month with blind eyes bcoz of samsung brand,but when i started using i understood,its totally waste Rs.12000 i am really frustated abt this model.........i am not gonna use samsung in future..also i dont find zero star to rate.
It reached on time as mentioned. No complaints about that. The only misfortune that happened was due to an error from my side. This was a gift for my Mom. Unfortunately, I think It had the shipping address with my name on it. Secondly, this phone had issues with Dual SIM registration for IDEA. It just wouldn't pick up IDEA network. Finally after some testing and checking, figured out that it had to be registered to network and not like the usual phones where you could put in your sim and it will automatically detect network or go through the manual way. The instruction booklet isn't that helpful at all for a beginner. But please note, its not a phone issue, its more like a person getting to know a new model and brand.
i have not use it , pls tell somebody who is using it. is it compatible with Conference call ... as i am confused to buy this handset. just because of the net usage. One more point is is it works on the Reliance Pla n
Most Are Cons- * 832 Mhz processor. Lags too much. clearing ram and it will take 5 min to recover. * Not a Mobile for even a mid gamer...Cant run Temple Run,no big games supported . * Price- I brought it for 13k and now it's price has gone to 11k still high price * Battery Drains very fast. * outdated armv6 processor * Integrated graphics No HD GAMING * No Flash Support * Cant upgrade ti ICS *No FLASH *
I am a proud owner of samsung galaxy ace duos s6802 (chic white). I am in love with this phone... it has a powerful broadcom processor which is armv6 based. the graphics of this device are decent as i am able to play most of the video formats. The RAM Of this device is 512mb out of which 397 is user available. rest is used by android os. the phone has best audio quality and the earpiece is loud enough even on level 1(the lowest). i am a gaming freak but i dont like games on mobiles except a few. its decently runs most of the famous android games except temple run. but it does run temple run :brave. The Headphones output is awesome..the build of the phone is sleek and lightweight as well as attractive. the phone has an excellent gps and wifi. one can also do videocalls with this phone (as opposed to the lack of front cam). Use Tango and make video calls using primary 5mp camera... the display is crisp and the touch wiz ux interface of samsung adds beauty to the android 2.3.7 gingerbread os of the phone. the phone has smart dual sim capability which means that one never misses a call on a sim due to unreachability of one sim's network. i am completely satisfied with this phone.. it couldnt have been better however, the cons of this phone are:- 1. No Flash 2. Outdated ArmV6 based single core processor 3. Can't Upgrade to Android 4.0 ICS or Android 4.2 Jelly Bean 4. Integrated Graphics ...means no HD Gaming on phone 5. Less RAM for apps enthusiasts who like to customise their phone extensively
i had bought this product before one month from flipkart ,feature is good but old feature we can't update it. speaker voice is not good when speaker on voice cracked,sometime mobile hanged touchscreen not working properly.
I buy Ace duos chick-white a couple of week ago. the only disadvantage is there is no flash . otherwise within 11k it is no-doubt good phone. Positive 5 MP camera 512 RAM office & flash document reader good HD video 3 GB internal memory, so you can store a big numbers of application. Navigation Duel sim Negative No flash Should be more touch sensitive Should Present Higher android version. such 4.0 ice-creame sandwitch
Very good mobile. But unable to upgrade the android version. Sounds are very good. Display is nice. Duos is working excellent. Nice mobile for this rang 11K. Battery standby time is good than other brands.
Camera : 4 stars Mobile : 5 stars Ram: 4 stars user ffriendly : 4 stars TOuch screen : 4 stars over all 4.5 stars. Loved it.. using from past 6 months... battery : 1.5 days with internet usage nt bad at all.. need 3 hours for full charging. this is mobile nt a computer.. AND dnt compare this mobile with Karbonn, Micromax spice.. i hv used all of them A7, A9+, M100, Spice mi 425, 335 all of them good at its price nt equal to ACE DUOS.. For LONG RUN go for ACE DUOS, if u need LED flash, secondary go for S DUOS it is worth for its price... 5 Star for mobile,
-dual active. no call drops. -8-9 hours battery wen continously used with internet. -camera is good (i am a professional photographer). -fast processor. -easy to use. -worth its price. i purchased it in 12700/- 6 months back.
Over all phone is good, but who are using dual sim with other handset might find it difficult to handle. ex. when you call someone it dose not give you optional sim that you can choose to make your call, you need to define first the sim call preference.
Well Have been using this phone for week and here is the review - Dual Active Sim Disclaimer - Dual active sim feature is network dependent. Pros' 1. Good camera - 5 mp 2. Ram - 512 MB - so good 3. Battery life is good, but not on 3G 4. Dual sim works when data connection is active. i.e if im using the data connection of sim 1- i can receive calls on sim 2. 5. Can use the data connection of either sim 6. Android phone Cons - 1. Plastic Back cover 2. Dual Active calling feature is network dependent
I bought this piece 3 months back from Flipkart . Its features are really great and I love this very much . It have a great battery life. But the only problem in this is Android 2.3 I will suggest u don't buy white colour mobile as it gets sppoiled after few days use. Go for Black
this is my 1st android phone. worth for the money paid. using this phone for around 3 mnths, but now its slowing down. unable to detect 512mb ram it always shows 397 mb ram. slowed down mainly after installing kaspersky mobile security.overall satisfied with the performance.
This is further to the reviews posted by me in the past..There are a lot of things I have discovered further after exploring this majestic device from the samsung stable..this beautiful handset is very good for gaming n watching movies..frontline commando,blood& glory,subway surfers,eternity defenders 2,temple run...etc..work like a charm..The 5 mp rear camera is too good..the pictures are very sharp and clear...the handset also doesn't lag a lot because of a better RAM space as compared to other mobiles in the range...as far HD recording is considered...the stock 640*480 recording at 30 fps is brilliant n if one can install LG camera pro..720 p n 1080 p recording is definitely possible. The movie watching experience on this device is also grt8..it runs all 720 p files smoothly but there might be an occassional lag in running 1080 p videos..however,this problem can be arrested by using the latest H/W+ codec for MX player from market place...
I ordered the phone on a Saturday and the phone arrived on Monday - that was awesome! Thanks Flipkart! I loved the phone. I am not a power user and do not plan to play games on it. I need a convenient phone for professional use which looks smart too and this one fits the bill.
It is very good android phone for reasonable price. The screen size is good for general reading as well email/gtalk inputs. Initial screen display after power on is delayed by 2 seconds or so, otherwise this is very good phone and I would highly recommend to android lovers.
Another not worthy phone from Samsung.It always does has connectivity issues. Most of the time u get a network error. Phone hangs up when u use 2 or 3 apps at the same time. the first drawback of this phone is that it doesn't give a battery backup of not evn one day. u need to charge it daily ..... don't even think of buying this phone....
problems facing 1- Red screen 2- battery not charging 3- shuting down frequently 4- hang up 5- very slow 6- geting heated up even in stand by mode 7- overall I am stucked with it now 8- its more than 30days, so cant even ask for replacement from flipkart 9-now roam door to door of samsung service centre
i like samsung galaxy ace duos features & definately buy it is a really nice phone man thing is of internal memory of this phone is 3 gb so that v can easily store applications 7 games\\ also v get more & more speed also there is a 5 mp camera auto focus which helps a lot in shooting photo capturing n video recording
I want to share some negative side for this mobile. 1.Very poor battery backup. 2.Dual sim functioning not properly working. (My two sim have full signal always.but sometimes i have got sim1 calls forwared to sim2.dont know why ) 3.Graphics also poor My Suggestion pl dont waste money
I bought this cell on 16-10-2012 and today is 31-10-2012 and my cell is back to samsung again but not in SHOWROOM but in SERVICING CENTER. Now u can guess a bit how this cell is..The problem is pathethic.. 1)My cell get switched off in every 3-4 hrs if it is kept idle whether in table or pocket anywhere..!!Then again u have to switch it on and again same case after 3 to 4 hrs.. 2)Also I have to keep pressing on the start botton for almost 10-12secs to start it..!! 3)Battery problem is there when the cell is in switched on mode it gets charged upto only 96% but when in switched off mode it gets 100 % charged..Now u can imagine.. In terms of the features I am not complaining because with this price of below 11.5k u cant expect more..the wifi connecting is very good,the internet service is good,apps runs fast.. So basically the problem is with hardware i think..Now choice is urs.. If you can add a few more bucks then go for Samsung Galaxy S Duos its a nice phone.. Thanks For reading..
This samsung phone is not reasonable in any conditions. (one exception is dual sim thats all). It does not have 1.LED flash light which is very much required. 2.Secondary camera(in this scenario secondary camera is needed) Price is too high as compared to Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830.
the features which are most irritating are 1) no flash so even with a 5 MP camera pictures look like taken on a foggy night esp when light is dim. Even with night mode pictures are very dull. 2) no proximity sensor so the lock comes the moment you connect a call so for IVR numbers you constantly have to double tap to access the key board and mostly your typing would be having error. pros are : 1) great RAM so easy to access phone book even if its heavy. 2) Easy to download apps from play store or samsung apps. but the problems mentioned above are everyday operational problem which make you feel bad every moment of your usage
Shipping- Fast delivery by Flipkart. Product- Pros: * Touch screen experience is nice (Surprisingly good). * Can tether the internet. * If you are concerned about looks, it looks pretty decent. * Processor is excellent for this price range. * Decent 5 MP camera. Cons: * Resolution is not that great.(but what more do you expect in this price range?) * If you want to play hard-core games, this phone is not for you.
been using it for a month now! i went in knowing the pros and cons of this product and i have to say there are no regrets. this is probably the best dual sim phone around on android i start with negatives: 1)battery back up especially on wi-fi/packet data. sadly lasts for only 5-6 hrs!! 2)this may not be an ideal piece for serious multitasking. ofcourse i knew it going in with a 832 MHz processor and 512 ram 3) response time is not the quickest although its not something to whine abt 4)no front camera, led flash which i still feel are hygiene features for smart phones in this price segment and a few others there are plenty of positives as well. good android OS. dual sim supported. user friendly interface. nice screen size and resolution. 3gb internal memory. highly customizable device. dual sim management options some of which are subject to TRAI regulations. 262k color resolution seems alright. as far as i understand the product, it targets dual sim users to convert them into smart phone users who are starters on any smart phone OS. so many high end features have been avoided understandably. after some years it only leaves the users to realize more possibilities exist on this kind of a device. for such an user like me, still the possibilities are endless on this device. worth the price.
Over priced. (Max 10K worth) Just confirmed that it's 262K colors. No Adobe Flash No LED Flash. No Front Camera 1300 mAh Battery. It's not that Samsung is not aware of. They needs other Phones as well to be selling. Wait for HTC Desire V (Known to be over priced again)
sound quality and volume need to be improved. music system is good with headset. but speaker volume is not enough and it is very bad in outdoors and travelling. other features are good. this model may be recommended if the speaker quality is compromized.
1-nice pic quality 2-good speed 3-nice sound 4-awesome resolution 5-supports a lots of useful software 6-u can play hd video 7-its dual sim support makes it unique from rest overall awesome phn...go for it...
I purchased this product in this week. The overall performance is normal. And Samsung has given one of the latest android platform. But it has major absence of many features. Like, there is no secondary camera. So, this will be disappointment for those who loves video calling. I also seen Nokia Lumia601. It is extremely better than that of this galaxy ace. But as Lumia does not support the E-treading for Share bazaar facility, i bought this galaxy ace. Anyway , if you do not need E-treading, i will strongly recommend you to buy Lumia601, because both smartphone are now available at nearly equal prices. And everybody knows how Nokia is more better and affordable in phones than any other company (at least in India).
a superb smartphone by samsung...ot what i was watching for...some issue is with its battery..but the camera,android,hotspot tethering..and a lot just overcomes it...five star to it..i do recommend to my friends too...
I have purchased this phone 15 days before. Till now its working fine. I am very happy with its performance. Here is a short detail of pros and cons- Pros- 1.Dual sim- always provide you a choice to go for better tariff 2.Android- Many free apps from android market which are very helpful. 3.Battery life- Battery life is good if you do not keep your phone always connected to internet. Talktime is great. After talking 1 hour constantly, you will found only 10% drop in battery. 4.Memory- 3GB internal memory is very helpful. If you don't have too much data to keep with you then you even don't need a memory card. 5.Touch- Touch is good for 12000 range device. It is capacitive and very sensitive. 6.Swype- You have swype preinstalled for text. It is very helpful if you write in english but for those who generally use Hinglish, it is not such useful as you will have to add words and it takes a lot of time. 7.Screen size and resolution- Screen size and resolution is also satisfactory. 8.Smart dual sim- When you are talking on one sim, any call on other sim will be transferred to this sim. Although this facility may not work always like roaming but still a good option. 9.3G- The best feature is that you can use 3G on any sim card i.e. on master as well as on slave sim card. You are not bound to change the location of the sim just for 3G. Cons- 1.Battery- If you constantly connect your phone to the net then the battery will not last even 1 day. It is good if and only if you connect the phone to internet only when needed. 2.Memory- Though the memory is 3GB but internal phone memory is only around 1GB. Rest 2GB is to be used as USB storage i.e. it is used to store your data, photos, videos, songs etc. only. RAM that is usable is around 380MB. 3.Colour depth- 262K colour depth makes the phone less attractive. It is the fact due to which phone looks inferior to other 16M colour depth phone with same screen resolution. 4.Slow- Phone is though very good still if you compare it to some high end phones, it seems to be some slow. 5.No flash- Camera does not have any flash. 6.Camera quality- Though the camera is 5MP still the quality of the camera is not good. It is not better than 3.2MP. 7.Sim switch button- There is no sim switch button outside the handset. Every time when you want to switch the sim card for calling or sms, you will have to drop down the top bar and switch the sim card from there. 8.Self sudden switch off- This problem I have found common in S6802 and I589. I think all the samsung galaxy ace handsets have this problem. Many a time, these get switch off without your knowledge. This is a big issue but if you generally keeps one of your eyes always on cell phone then its not that big issue. Rest things are satisfactory especially at this price and if you do not have a budget greater than 20000 then its the best choice. Above 20000, Htc desire V is my suggestion. Thank you.
Awesome phone....good processing speeed,sufficient RAM. Only disadvantage is No LED Flash... It has Smart Dual Active Sim Facility. good battery backup Good quality of system sound a very large display 3.5 inch makes easy to surf the internet
The chic white phone is awesome look !! Screen size is very nice !!! "Dual SIM active" is a bluff. Its depends on the service providers and may charge for providing the facility. 5MP Camera but lack in zoom, shows "unable to zoom when picture size is set to maximum" don't know why ?? At the maximum resolution if we zoom the picture will get low resolution one !! Support almost all apps and has good features. +ve: Great Look(chic white), color depth, pic quality, response time, good processing speed, customised sim for data usage, -ve: Zoom (not at high resolution), over price, No Front Camera, No Flash, Dual SIM Active feature(not much usable), No Adobe Flash, Battery (1300mAh only). Samsung must have enhanced the capacity of battery and must have incorporated the flash at least (ignoring the secondary camera).
The832MHz processor is works absolutely brilliant for mid ranged tasks on android 2.3 ,never hangs up in between like its predecessors.But you might feel that Samsung could have improved the interface,however this has a boring one.Camera is just staggeringly good especially when you get sufficient sunlight to have a snap.You just cannot believe the detailing of the photograph,very good.This phone is nothing but a "value for money" stuff..:)
I have been using this phone for a week and while I am not very tech savvy, this is my opinion as a generic user. The phone's interface is extremely bad and does not compare to iOS at all. Very limited number of video formats are supported. The phone is extremely sluggish with even 1 GB of content on it - even basic functions such as lighting up when you hit the home button take atleast 3 seconds and PIN entry is a pain...I have to keep tapping on a number hoping it logs. I log in only after 2-3 retypes. Internet browsing is a joke and if you activate any sort of live wallpaper the phone literally operates at a snail's pace. Now for the worst part. The battery actually operates for only about 4 hours on a single recharge and this is without wifi being active. Even being on the phone for a 45 min concall drains 1/3rd of the charge (checked twice!!). Overall a very bad bet if you want to try an Android phone and if high end Androids are similar in performance with a few cosmetic improvements, I would seriously suggest that you stick to Apple products. I am returning to the Apple environment and am staying there!
the hardware supports active dual sim but TRAI policy in india does not allow so it's blocked in the firmware. // in active dual sim there are two radios and both can run simultaneously (i mean gsm radio not fm radio)
Pros:- 1. Android (v2.3) with Dual SIM facility 2. Nice get up (Chic white) 3. Adequate RAM (512 MB) and internal memory (3 GB) for most users Cons:- 1. Battery lifetime not good (need to recharge every day with normal use) 2. Sound quality should have been better with this price Conclusion:- If You want a Android and DUAL SIM within the price (10-15) k, then it is a good choice. Otherwise go for single SIM, at this price You can get better Android.
BEST ADVANTAGE OF THIS PHONE IS INTERNAL MEMORY WHICH IS 3 GB,SO DON'T WORRY ABOUT YOUR INTERNAL MEMORY PROBLEMS. *NICE LOOK *SMOOTH TOUCH *BIG SCREEN DISPLAY *DUAL ACTIVE SIM *RAM 512MB *CAMERA QUALITY IS NOT BAD *3GB ON BOARD MEMORY *832 MHZ PROCESSOR *BATTERY BACKUP IS ALSO GOOD *HEADPHONE SOUND QUALITY IS BEST THE PRICE OF THIS IS LITTLE BIT HIGH OTHERWISE EVERYTHING IS PERFECT BUT BRAND IS GOOD.............I LOVE THIS PHONE...........I BOUGHT IT ON 12/07/2012..............
it is really good to see a such a great product from samsung.nice camera and touch and advanced operating sysytem................................................................................................
pros:- * smooth android performance, good processor * easy dual Sim system (dual sim is useful function for many ones) * great looks & slim (white one is better) * all essential apps preloaded * screen size adequate, nice quality * 3gb internal memory helpful for android storage & apps * RAM sufficient for 95 % users need, android 2.3 and multiple apps. Cons :- * average battery life (needs recharge every night after huge use i.e. 3g,apps etc ) (with general use - 2 days max.) (all smart phone have this issue) * music should be louder, however quality is superfine (not gud if u demand loud music on speaker) * android 4 and above, difficult to hope at least not very soon * No cam Flash, front cam, 16M colours (doesnt matters much) * price and weight is little higher than needed. (manageable) =============== you have no such option at this price, esp. in case of DUAL SIM, if u have budget problem, y duos is equally smart choice, just few features need a compromise.
samsung don't know what ppl want.!!!!! i hv seen and used sooo many samsung phones, and view on samsong is It do give cheap phones.....but hv poor quality.....its software is not at all strong i.e phone life last for 1.5 year....thts all i can say for you guys.
At this price it should have a led flash. Secondly flash content is not supported. And how could one imagine that at 13k a smart phone doesn't has a proximity sensor. After your call is over you have to press the power key or the home key to turn on the display manually & then end your call. This is frustrating. Otherwise it is a good product with better signal capturing, 5MP camera, faster browsing.
Does this phone has 3.8 inch screen no, does this phone has 1 ghz processer no, does this phone has LED flash no,so why people are buying this phone go for Karbonn A9 this phone is an best dual sim phone available in market.
I have been waiting for this phone for some time. Here is the review: Baught it about 3 weeks ago ( from a samsung store in a mall). Here is my review Pros: 1. Android 2. Nice voice quality 3. Nice photo quality Cons ( as per me): 1. Its kinda confusing phone since the SIM switch is not present. So people who are used to dual sim will have a problem ) 2. Data connection tends to be confusing as sometime you may not know which sims data connection is being used. 3. It does not detect ad-hoc network created from my lenovo z570(59-315960) laptop. 4. not multitouch, can not take more than two finger touch ( I tested this via Ninja fruit slice game which used to be able to detect four finger swipe on apple , here in this phone it does not detect more than one ) 5. Phone kinda runs slow when loaded with more than 5-6 applications I assume its due to limited amount of ram ( you will actually be able to see only 384 mb on the task manager :?) , Some times fruit slices slows down when playing too , when nothing is running on the phone 6. Not a dual active phone , Just tested to confirm Other wise it ok of a phone , I can give it 2 out of 5 , since it fit my budget( I saw a nice spice phone which was like a tab in 10 k but since it was spice i did not go for it) I prefer samsung's reliability over any other phone which i may not be able to rely on. Conclusion: Although its better than my previous phone , in specs at the end of day my d780 still has a better definition of dual active than this phone where i could recieve and keep both calls on at the same time (you could look up this phone Samsumg D780 to find out more). This is just galaxy y duos with a slightly better feature ( Samsung have screwed up since even the samsung store employee told me this is a dual active phone) (Could have gone with galaxy y duos phone too)
Positive: Flipkart's super fast delivery from Banglore to Durgapur. :) Anroid 2.3 OS, supports most of the applications, inbuild Google play,u can integrate it with ur account. u can download from google play web site from ur PC without connecting your mobile with PC.chosen apps will be downloaded automatically. Youtube leanback integration also can be done. wide screen view in this price range. 3GB internal memory. Gorgeous outlook. You can control your mob online if stolen(samsung feature). Smart Dual sim features (depends on operators u r using: u've to use same circle sim cards to use this Smart Dual active facility. Will not work in roaming as per Indian Roaming Agreement) Good Photograph & Video quality. many modes are there for taking snap. Data connection can be used either sims Negative : Secondary camera not present. Video calling not supported. 512MB RAM No flash UMTS can be used only one sim at a time other will be used in GSM.
Display (262k), battery (1300 mah) are average but not bad. Lack of secondary camera & flash is a minus though. But screen is quite big & it has virtually all other features. Also this phone was wrongly mentioned as dual active initially and hence many reviews (including in many other sites) quoted so. Now it seems to be clarified as dual standby only.
I got this mobile from flipkart, simply loving it..all most all the feature and have got real magic in small device. Just go in market and see samsung galaxy ace plus...similar to that one. only missing thing is any offer like : mobile cover/memory card. but still atleast for 1-2 year's i got good mobile
Well Have been using this phone for week and here is the review - Dual Active Sim Disclaimer - Dual active sim feature is network dependent. It is based on the logic of call forwarding, so for me it is kind of not usable. I use a Local sim (Airtel) and a Outstation sim (Loop), so the two networks being of 2 different circles the call forwarding does not work. Im assuming that if i use 2 local sims then the call forwarding feature will work Pros' 1. Good camera - 5 mp 2. Ram - 512 MB - so good processing speed 3. Battery life is good, however drains fast on 3G 4. Dual sim works when data connection is active. i.e if im using the data connection of sim 1- i can receive calls on sim 2. 5. Can use the data connection of either sim 6. Much Lighter than the Karbonn A9 7. Android phone Cons - 1. Plastic Back cover 2. Dual Active calling feature is network dependent
It is the only dual active mobile in Galaxy series. Many have written about lack of secondary Camera, Flash etc but most Galaxy single sim models in this range too lack that features. Verdict: If you want the most feature rich Dual Sim model from Samsung & is willing to pay the amount then go for it.
No secondary camera No flash No andrino Gpu only dual active facility might be useful battery 1300 mah may be handy only Not so impressive product from samsung if you want single sim mobile go for sony erricson
The main positive is that it is Dual Active (an important feature for dual sims). But still no secondary camera & flash (ie, torch for us Indians). I do not know why big players like Samsung avoid giving these elementary features for such an expensive Dual Sim phone (They give these features for sub 8k single sim phones). 262k display is frankly not up to the mark. Rest of the features are okay.
Over priced. (Max 10K worth) Just confirmed that it's 262K colors. No Adobe Flash No LED Flash. No Front Camera 1300 mAh Battery. It's not that Samsung is not aware of. They needs other Phones as well to be selling. Wait for HTC Desire V (Known to be over priced again)
