XOLO Q1000 Opus@@@First of all not everyone thinks that xolo is bad......it's just worth the price..... I did benchmarking test on my phone.....found out it was better than Sony xperia L....which is around 15000 Benchmarking is a software that test your phone max capacity and abilities and show you a score. Which you can compare with other phones. Albeit,the volume output from any headphones or earphones is low......very low...
finally our long search for free recharge ends here recharge of 300rs free on registering through below link.. registering is so easy and just spend less then a minute to get 300rs u can thank me later go into the below Link To Register. COPY THE BELOW LINK AND PASTE IN ADDRESS BAR AND CLICK ENTER THEN JUST FILL DETAILS TO GET REGISTER... http://u.laaptu.com/login1.action?rid=cojQM1raU2xmHBbxTKnTqYli3l0ylZXQ9VoLNz0uwSE=
where r u from servie centre phone is very good but sond is bad spekar is bad voice is very load no clearty
This is one more faltu phone with 1 gb ram...screen resolution is 480 x 854 Pixels...and it doesn't feel good while using this mobile. I bought this phone few days back and on 3rd day..it's screen was not responding....went to xolo care and they have given me DOA certificate,than shopkeeper returned me full amount ...it just took 1 hr to complete this process...but interesting thing is ...Xolo care person told me that "Not to buy any xolo product..we are getting lots of problem for all Newly launched XOLO phones" ....
I purchased this XOLO Q1000 OPUS in Feb-14 for around 9100/-. Given the price range the cell offers more than most of its peers. The 1GB RAM really works well, but the sound (music) quality & camera are downer. I had some issues recently with regards display & submitted the cell with the service center at Parel, Mumbai. The service station said it will take 20 days to send the cell to factory at Noida & get it rectified. Now, even after 24 days I am still waiting for my cell to come. Neither the Service station nor the Xolo Customer care has any idea as when the cell will finally get back to me. I wonder if this is the kind of services they offer is Metros, what would be the situation in other cities?
battery is great. I am normally using is for 3g browsing and business purposes and it works out great.I am still unravelling the full power and will take a bit more time.. Till then if you want to buy a android phone with a 5" display, 1gb Ram & a quad core processor under 10k, I guess its there in the form of xolo opus q1000.if u want it for the camera then you may chose any other product
Best Android Mobile with a low budget. Max battery, good camera quality & supports high graphic games.
I get really very good mobile. Xolo is a new name for me, I have some double in local mobile, but I found very good result and I am satisfy by all means... Now I am ready to buy again xolo. Thanks...
Safe & good delivery. quick response from flipkart. good tracking facility. Items received in a secured manner.
i love this phone.......awesome product from xolo.....superb model....everything is good about this phone.....people go and buy this phone....you will definitly enjoy.....
battery consumption is high otherwise best mobile in this range Had a great experience buying on Flipkart xolo security is not working though I have internet connection and registered no but still some problem is there
guys i ordered dis ph on 7 th mar. i got delivery on 9th march. bt it was defective piece. so i complained abt it to flipkart. aur aaj 20 th mar ho gai h.. na to koi ph lene aata h aur na hi ye log paise refund kr rahe h mere.. customer executive daily xcuse dete h.. guys help me out if u hav any solutions. else i m thnking to go consumer court regarding dis..
Value of Money. Good product in very low cost, that also included OTG Support!!!!! I will recommend this phone who are going to purchase under 10 k because it is worth it and purely value for money This phone having very good display as compared to present Samsung phones like grand ,core,duos etc as compared to other mobile phones like micromax,sony,samsung it has good internal memory approximate 2.80 gb (internal storage and phone storage) and 1 gb RAM it is enough for under 10 k budget phones and one nice feature is you can move apps to SD Card and Phone Stoarge as compared other companies this feature is very rear ,And also you can download some higher end version game also
I had purchased the phone in Jan 2014, found it to be very good in touch, display, video playback quality, however, found very poor camera quality, even after 2 updates introduced by the company. Also there was a network selection problem. Now the phone is under repairing since 28.02.2014 for camera and auto on/off problem, co has given time of 25 days for repairing as found to be fault in PCB. I asked for replacement as the same being manufacturing defect, but has been refused by the co. I don't know what on earth takes 25 days in repairing a mobile. Even the offer price has gone down 17.50% in last 3 months. Company should improve the quality of camera and train their service / customer care staff to respond properly to customers. Even though, would like to recommend the same for those looking for 5 inch quad core mobile at budget price.
XOLO Q1000 OPUS.. Its a great phone I ever seen in this price.. No problem faced.. Running smoothly.. No hanging problem.. Asphalt 8(1.6gb) and mc4(2gb) games are running smoothly without any hanging and heating problem.. Great battery backup.. I love this phone.. Thank you Xolo......... I HAVE RATED 5/5
committed for 19 delivered on 15, its totally amazing. Surprise !!!!!! i also get a flip cover in the box not expecting actually and a screen gaurd love the phone at first sight
First of all I would like to tell you that I did not buy the product from flipkart. I bought xolo opus and after 2 days the headphone jack stopped working.....went to servise center and they said that they would create a replacement request and once it is approved from xolo yo can get new one. Its been 20 days that there is no response from them and when I call, they say that they are still waiting for the approval. I have also seen the same from other customers.........so I would say if you buy it you are on your own.........the worst after sales service but the usage of the product is good.
XOLO is useless....after 7 days my back switch is not warking..touchpad also not responding..there are plenty problem comming now....better dont buy this phone...
a good phone ggod colour and many free equipments and very good flip cover and is a price worthy mobile and overall a good phone
9 din me ear spekar kharab ho gaya camra thik h lava ka service centre ka response bekar h un trand bande bitha rakhe h
Best product with high features and low price. My wife is using for almost a month but she is highly satisfied about it. She has not complained so far
I am not a Tech Person So I cannot comment on Technical features. But as a laymen this phone is perfect for me. No problem since using it for 2 months, Purchased from Flipkart for Rs.8404/- with 10% Cashback. So effective cost was much less. Previously used Xolo q800 which I gave it to my wife. Even that is performing well till date. Till now impressed by Xolo Brands. But heard after sales in not good but when quality of the product is good after sales is limited. I recommended everyone to go for it.
Already I'm owning a XOLO Q800 and I bought this for my friend. Phone looks very good, light weight and good to handle. But compare to my Q800 it's not upto mark. UI looks very difficult you've go and search for every options. Some times having issue's in network coverage where my Q800 gets the full signal strength. Average phone with 5' screen.
Battery drains off in 2hrs without usage Playing a game or typing a message or any app that is opened -will not let you know ablout incoming call. Later it will be displayed as missed call.
Looks good, works fast, battery backup long last....This is the best smart phone I ever used. Thanks to Flipkart for wonderful and quick service...
I believe in brand Like Nokia,Sony ( I personally dont like Samsung) etc etc.But i bought xolo q1000 opus. This phone is brilliant . Good Points 1.Fast & Furious -10 on 10 2.Built Quality is Brilliant - 10 on 10 3.Dual Sim & Stand By - 10 on 10 4.Screen Resolution is good - 10 on 10 5.Gaming speed superb - 10 on 10 6. Internet Speed is also Good - 10 on 10 7. Touch screen awesome - 10 on 10 8. Battery - Better that Others - 10 on 10 9.Camera - Good with 1 flash - 10 on 10 10. Packaging is Brilliant , Brilliant , 10 on 10 11. Charge Time very short - 10 on 10 Bad Point 1. I wish this phone comes with 8 gb internal Memory. So This is a brilliant phone with no problem.& The most important point is the price 0nly 9000 So go to the next level of mobile phone. Grab Xolo q1000 opus. Thank You Xolo for this great phone
Good delivery from Flipkart. No need to purchase from local shop where there is a price gap. At the end quality matters. So be confident to purchase online. This is my second set the first was Nokia. Trust Flipkart
this mobile bast operating and there is bast display in the mobile and this mobile price very low price and all feature in mobile xolo bast company service providing because there are company in the free call center providing l like xolo company
if you wan to buy XOLO brand mobile make sure you have service center or XOLO mobiles dealer available in your area other vise it is not a good purchase .i bought XOLO q 1000 opus from my nearest retailer ,now in a month i got network related problems ,now i don't have service center in my surrounding ,i have to go Bangalore fix my mobile network issue .so please make sure if you buy a phone (any brand) make sure service center available in your district.
this mobile is nice at its price range but just one problem that it has overheating problem at minimal usage.. although performance is nice because of quad core process. full hd video runs smooth. games run cooler.. battery runs half day ... cool appearance.. slim body.. flip cover is good. i will rate it 5 if not overheating problem. hope xolo developer is get noticed of this and provide firmware update to overcome this issue... thanks
I am using it from almost a month and very happy with the performance of the phone. really it is worth of having. good phone from xolo.
is a very nice phone in this price range.. battery backup, screen, speed is good video quality is very good.
Well, its been 2 weeks since i bought this model for my cousin and had amazing remarks so far. Good and sleek design, perfect body and cover, pretty handy, easy to articulate, very user friendly interface. Absolutely worth buying and will live up to your mark. Nice piece of work by XOLO which is an emerging wave in the Electronic Telecommunications and as far as Flipkart is concerned, well guys you might have already knew a lot about it "as actions speak stronger than words."
XOLO Q 1000 Opus is best mobile in cheap price but i found some problem in this, i mentioned below 1. Low video quality 2. camera is crashes. 3. Early Heat Problem while playing games and browsing. rest features are fine. Sorry for my bad english. Kindly fix this issue its help to xolo for become best brand in india.
I'd heard good reviews about XOLO. However the product started giving problems pretty much as soon as it arrived. Here's the list. PROXIMITY SENSOR NOT WORKING PHONE HANGS WHEN CALL COMES IN CONTACTS DON;T LOAD AUDIO JACK NOT WORKING When I was on a call, and an incoming call came, the phone would hang. The sound jack have up after that. When I mail flipkart about my challenges (and I'm a fan) the response was in minutes. However the answer was not satisfactory. "hit the reset button and all will be well with the world". Not so. Now we're chasing down the XOLO service center here. Not a good feeling. Suggest you avoid this product.
Bought it because of GPS but doesnt work as promised which is is biggest selling point. Rest fone is awesome comes with 1gb inbuilt memory. Performance better than Samsung duos as it never hangs. Gets on air updates.
The unit had some network error and thanks to flipkart as they replaced it with a new one in just 2 days. now its working fine. I saw some reviews that it gets heated up. But its not so even when playing HD videos. But I havent checked with high graphic games. The outstanding thing is the GPS combined with Glonass. Google maps get GPS lock within 10 seconds without data connection and in open space within 5 seconds. The only problem is the brand is XOLO. But performane wise its very good
Quad core processor, 1gb ram, even hav graphics which helps in gaming, Camera clearity superb......Can surely go fa dis phone.... very gud product
Phone is good overall considering the price segment only issue I have is that its sound output is not loud enough. If phone is in ladies purse you might not here ringtone.
After a long wait had the mobile of my choice i.e.XOLO Q1000 Opus. It is compatible against the all the Branded High End Other Mobiles. Processor is real fast. Very easy to operate. Has all the utilities for your day to day work. Only draw back is it does not come with PC Suite facility. If Xolo introduces the PC Suite, then it would be very easy to have back ups of your daily activities with your computers. Hence enabling you to occupy less phone & card memory. Its Built in power saver helps battery to drain less. Phone is wonderful & real value for your hard earn money. Thank you Xolo Q1000 Opus for such A value for money product.
I have purchased this from FK during 2013 end. Ordered it on 29th Dec, recieved the item on 3rd jan. Good packing and service from Flipkart is good, if not best. This is a good budget Android for newbies who are stepping into Smartphone from oldies. Pros: 1> Display is good, you won't feel it is 480 X 854 pixels. Unless you browse websites. 2> Phone is snappy, fast and can handle any task and application you throw at it. 3> Media playback is great, clarity of speaker sound is noticable. You need to buy a good headphone for music as the default one is not good enough. 4> Apps can be moved to SD card. Allows more ram to be available. 5> GPS is very fast, locks momentarily. 6> Good battery backup, easily lasts 1 day with 30-40% remaining for medium usage with gameplay and constant Wifi. 7> Phone has 1GB Ram but in the app screen it actually shows about 1.2 GB available RAM, out of which 500+ MB is available. Cons: > Some high/medium graphic intensive games will cause a lot of heat at the back of the phone. Plastic cover. However if you use the flip case, you won't feel it. But the normal back cover gets very hot, uncomfortable to hold it even. This is basically because of the Broadcom processor which can't handle heat generation well. Better to go with MTek processors for budget phones. > Camera is worst part of this phone which completely ruins its standard. This 5 MP shooter is not even equivalent to a 3MP shooter in Nokia Asha phone. Sadly they could have done much better with the camera. With this camera, even if you take shots at broad daylight outdoors, you will have grainy and dull pictures with very poor color & sharpness. > Sometime the phone is out of signal, but it does not show "No Service" warning, it just sits there. When others call during this time, they will not get any dial tone. However it also does not say that phone "switched off". Kind of tricky this is, you need to reboot the phone and it works again. This happens at least once a week for my phone. > Flip cover is useless, as no magnetic flip feature. However the software magnetic flip mode works with 70% correctness as the flip cover opens by itself when in normal position. Overall Summary: This is a good buy if you are looking for a budget device and don't care much about the brand. Service is a concern for all companies except Samsung, LG & Sony.
using tis phone for one week.. no lag no heatg issues. all apps nd games works smoothly. display is so sharp nd touch is smooth...sound is also gud...overall phne is superfast thnks to 1 gb ram...battery life is so good..it lasts for one nd half days with nrml browsing nd net usage... only cons i found is camera...ita below average..daylight photogrhy is okke..frnt camera is so bad vga.. overall its a good budget frndly android smartphne with superb perfrmnce.
iam using this phone from 2 days . No lags No hangs. smooth like butter . ALL APPS WORKING 100 % LAG FREE AND SMOOTH . THANKS TO 1 GB RAM . I MUST SAY YOU NEED TO CONFIGURE THE SETTING OF INTERNET PROPERLY ON THIS AS THIS DEVICE IS NEWLY LAUNCHED .I MEAN MANUAL CONFIGURATION . BEST BUY AND POCKET FRIENDLY
finally i recieved this phone 3 days before i was vry happy with their deliery thing..........the phone is working great no issues apps2sdcard supported and fr gaming its best but if u want fr camera u shld check out other options
Been using for a day. So far so good. The main reason I bought this phone was because of Broadcom processor and 1GB ram. Below is my review. 1. Appearance: Looks like a distant relative of galaxy note 2. Not very Impressive. 2. Build: Average. Certainly will not survive falls. Its feels light in your hands despite the size. Good headset and usb data cable. The Charging pin is too loose on the wall socket and will not easily start charging. Providing flip case and screen guard is a good move from xolo. 3. Performance: I am not a gamer but I can still feel the phone is pretty responsive while running multiple applications. 4. Battery: Very Good. For this price range I did not expect a good one but I was very satisfied while using it on my first day. It lasted almost 6 hours of browsing from the moment I saw 10%. It might be the chip set that is really efficient. Broadcom rocks. 5. Camera: Average. I am not a photographer. I can not comment more. 6. Display: Good one. Not very bright not too dull. Not too sharp either. Its just the right amount of pixel density(too much will drink your battery). 5" screen is good for reading books. I will give 4/5. The one point was eaten by bat charging pin design and for mimicking galaxy note.
Best Product in this price range.......awesome hardware......Fastest Delivery.....Great Flip kart.....
Is it worth buying it and will i get value for money if order q1000 opus, please advise any other phone if you can advise with quad core and 1GB Ram
I bought this product last month.. they had promised me to give The box was supposed to contain : > n the box -Charger > -Handset > -Data Cable > -Screen Guard > -Battery > -Flip Cover > -Safety and Warranty Information > -Quick Start Guide > -Headset. unfortunate for me.. i didnt get the head set as promised.. filpkart service centre doesn't even care about E mail i have sent .. THEY HAVE THE MOST HORRIBLE CUSTOMER CARE SERVICE CENTRE IN THE INDIA.. PLS DON'T GO FOR FLIPKART !!
I mm afriad.. its not that simple.. What I can say is that It is DEFINITELY an IPS display... angle of visibility is nrarly 178 dgress in all directinos but... in one direction (vertical) minimal color(Black) inversion/distortin is present... and by comparison of Xolo Q800, and Q700, IPS is NOt that Great.... though the Visual angle is definitely Lot better than typical FT TN display.... so nothing much to worry about. Even Samsung TFT display will NOt be this good.. and I have done head to head comparison and color distortin is definitely more in a samsung display (they use plain TFT TN LCD display.. and not IPS) of double cost... All I notice is that after 45 degree from vertical in ear piece's direction, (towards the top of phone), the Black in the scene phases out little... any other color change is un-noticeable... and Diisplay is Really vibrant... from 196 PPI display you can expect that ou can see the pixels if you concentrate, but after 1 foot.. it is not esy to see pixels unless you use magnifuin glass... and that is an ideal reading /viewing distance... so Chill out.. and Enjoy the treat.
Hi my name is shobhan shit.I am from kolkata. Its been 3 and half months past since my Xolo q800 mobile was sent for repair. Since then my case is pending. Customer care helpline executive always cuts a sorrow face and pretends helpless other than helping. All I asked was to return back my old battery that I sent them or to furnish me with a new one. Just take a moment to think, how can sending just one battery via courier can take more than 48 hrs. They just have to pack the battery(which I sent earlier along with the faulty set) and courier it. That's it. Solved. But no, they won't. Here is why xolo should be banned. After waiting for almost a decade(3 months !!!) they could not fix my faulty set and hence they replaced it with a new handset but they packed and sent it without any battery. I don't bother whether it was a new battery or my old one. But all I have is just shi* phone without any battery. The phone is of no value for me now. Just tell me why should you trust this xolo thing. I am telling you guys, dont fall prey to their alluring specs or price; they will and definitely will make you cry afterwards. This is just not expected or acceptable when you pay approx. 10,000 rs for a smartphone.
The performance is smooth, but I found some issues. The camera app crashed many times and most of the time the handset got heated up (when using all the cores) quickly –temperature was over 60 degrees.
does this phone gets heated up ?? when high end games are played?? as came across some of the igyan blogs that after playing asphalt, and other gaes the the phone gets heated up and the battery drains ver soon
first of all , hats off to flipkart serivce. product delivered within two days. The device is just worth it. -Broadcom processor makes it everything go flawless. -camera is very good under 10k. -facebook and other social networking sites are preinstalled. -in the box ( there is one XOLO screen gaurd and one XOLO Flip cover provided which is very good in compare to samsung. - XOLO POWER , XOLO SECURE is good and handy also. Ask me, If you are looking for an android device under 10k, forgot Samsung , micro max and karbonn. go for this one.
i have purchased Xolo Q1000 Opus and checked the Future one of the best cell phone in his sigment, i am very happy and Flipkart service is excellent one of the best before the committed time received the product
Iam buying this phone because, im a game freak so with 1GB ram i can play games like temple run and others. What i like in this phone is the 5inch screen and processor....
Hi , I have purchased this phone on 26th dec 2013 and thank to flip kart they have delivered within 3 days with good packgeing but invoce not good it was like just normal letter according to me invoce should be in MERCHANT LETTER HEAD and this is first shopping in flipkart and also first time purchased XOLO handset I will recommend this phone who are going to purchase under 10 k because it is worth it and purely value for money this phone having very good display as compared to present Samsung phones like grand ,core,duos etc as compared to other mobile phones like micromax,sony,samsung it has good internal memory approximate 2.80 gb (internal storage and phone storage) and 1 gb RAM it is enough for under 10 k budget phones and one nice feature is you can move apps to SD Card and Phone Stoarge as compared other companies this feature is very rear ,And also you can download some higher end version game also But i reviewed in online that xolo service center is not good but i hope XOLO Company strongly look this matter give better service after purhcase and Wish you happy new year to all
Good phone for the money. Worth it. Already dropped the phone few times. Bit robust as of now. Lets see. Few flaws here and there. Will have to wait for bad things to show up. As of now it is good for look and feel. Definitely worth for 10K.
this phone contains every thing.Touch,battery,sound.....perfect.some issues with camera but can be accepted.so.best phone in the range of 9 thousand
Pretty good phone in the budget of 10K. though the camera is not up to the mark. but for gaming and video purpose the phone complete you wish. Xolo improving the quality of his phone. keep it up.
Hi every one I bought the product for my bro... It's good to use fast and good screen quality with good picture quality too... Only drawback which I could find till now is that it does not have any magnetometer I.e. U cannt access compass on it. Very disappointed to find out that such a good does not have this feature which is Common in phones of this range.
it smart phone is looking good . it's perfomance is fast and excelent ..i give xolo product rating is 5
you must think about after sale service before buying but this is a very hard competition for sduos and tipo and other low end smartphones including micromax. hope xolo improves there after sale service and this product may get lot of sucess
