Lenovo Idea Tab A1000 Tablet@@@If you don't want to spend more than 6500 rs,this tab is perfect.The sound quality is too good.Games are also running fine without any issue.Battery back up is OK,not so good and not so bad.
Happy with the product . Till now no issues. recommended to my friends aswell. Touch is good. Internal is low you will get less than 2GB
Display is not so good but battery backup is nice and also sound is superb. support all types of usb device such as mouse keyboard mobile etc
It should be 3 G compatible. Speed of processing is good. Battery is good .... still it should be 3G network
Awesome tab!!! This tab was my second tab. my first tab I bought last year is micromax fun book.. when I compare this two tab.. I will Say that this tab is awesome Because Pros. 1. this tab is not only used in India, but all over the world.because this company is an international company. 2.the display is very good,but the viewing angles is not so good in 2 sides. 3.it comes with 1gb of ram so it can run more applications. 4.it has a good and clear sterio speakers. 5.the graphics is really good when I play an HD game like NFS,dead trigger,asphalt 8. 6.the battery backup is very good Con's 1.it does not have any 3g connectivity. 2.the internal memory is very low only (500 mb),and the USB storage is 2 GB.(BUT WE CAN UPGRADE THIS BY GOING TO SYSTEM UPDATES AND UPDATE THIS TAB,ITS JUST 100 MB,THEN THE INTERNAL STORAGE WILL BE 1.5 GB AND THE USB STORAGE WILL BE 1 GB). 3.we can't move apps to SD card.its for only music,movies,photos etc. But if I compare this tab with my older tab micromax fun book. this tab is good and I can give 4 stars for this tab
1}Superb battery back up! 2}Amazing front speaker audio quality/clarity! 3}Mp3 quality through 3.5 mm headset jack even more better than speaker! 4}can pair very easily with bluetooth version 3.0 enabled wireless headset! 5}Sexy Manly Looks! Especially the all black in color one! I just loved it!
Like purchase a diamond in one dime... service is very fast in 48 hours i got my package... tablet is good in any comparisons.
First of all I would like to say that I was looking for a budget tab for a long time. My first choice was LAVA XTRON+. After contacting few people I came to know its battery drains away too fast. My second choice was HP Slate 7 which was good but let me tell you it doesn't support sim and calling facilities, but who cares? I personally don't prefer calling from tab. But one of the major feature missing is OTG(On The Go). Lenovo A1000 Supports OTG, so you can connect this tab with mouse, keyboard, pen drives. Now Talking About Features : Battery : I don't know whether its my luck or not, but i play loads of games in this tab, watch movie for about an hour, and guess what its lasts till mid night, ie. i charge it for the whole night and after a use of atleast 4 hours(heavy) and rest of the moderate till midnight battery only falls to 35% =) Graphics : Only One Word. "NO LAGS".! =) Display : when you tilt it left side it gives a bit reflective screen. :) Speakers : Superb Dolby Digital. Storage : After Upgrading you will get a 1.5GB internal storage and yes you can still move maximum of the apps to another left out 1.1 GB =) While watching 720p movie it might lag a lil bit. dont worry download MX player and start the 720p video and turn on S/W Decoder. "NO MORE LAGS" =) Best Part I Played NFS MOST WANTED Without Any Lags =). I ordered it on 6th April At A Cost Of 5999/-. I Stole The Deal. Thanks Flipkart.! ;)
it works nice and fast most of the time. there are only some small stutters occasionally which is acceptable. The battery life is exceptional, lasts more than a day and a half of very heavy usage(web browsing and video) Not good for heavy gaming. light games work well and good. On time delivery by flipkart.
The service is really good, I'd got the product in time and the information on this site is sufficiant.
Hi All, I belived lot about flipkart website and i ordered product. Today i got product and checked everything inside the pack. In lenovo box it showing 1 gb ram and 4 gb storage memory but when i check in my tab , there is only 503 ram and 2 GB storage memory. I don't know where was the mistake done @ flipkart or Lenovo. I hope flipkart will help on this to get what i order ...
It is the best tablet of the range, it can support heavy gaming provided you can install in the limited space. Else it is the best tablet you can ever have..Go and buy one
I have 4Mbps WiFi connected to it, but I have struggled to login to google account for more than 4 hours. Both browsers were very slow and could not let me open any website or Google account in this tablet.
Really fast delivery by Flipkart. Based on 24 hours use: Tablet is as per specs. Touch is smooth. Battery backup is really great. Sound quality is best. 2G & WiFi Speed is also good. Best Budget tablet.
All the features that a tablet shold have but it laks 3g connection. Its good if you have a wifi at home but dont go for it if you want to surf the net the best choice for one who doesnt need a data connection
Hi All, I had purchased this in Flipkart from WS Retail and delivered on April 1st 2014. Got this for Rs 6688/- . Brought this for my son’s use and for my dad to get used to Android. Didn’t want to invest costly tabs or very cheap products. Personally no trust on Micromax,Lava etc. Hence zeroed down this model. Am writing this review after using it for 7 days. Did some checks with my Samsung Grand which has almost same spec (like 1GB Ram,1.2Ghz DUAL core proc) for few aspects. Below is my review. Note:- I not mentioning any specs about A1000 here since its available everywhere. 1) Looks and Build. Look wise this Tab looks very very old model, bulky and thick. The build quality is good. However leaves finger print where ever you touch. Will rate 3/5 considering the cost what i had paid. 2) 2G quality No so great. Had a call directly on tab (without headphones) the call was feeble even at high volume. Tried loud speaker option, due to Dolby the speaker sound was really good. The tried with handsfree Samsung headphone I could hear clearly however the other person was not able to hear me clearly. Internet browsing was slightly better than BAD. Will rate 2.5/5 considering the cost what I had paid. 3) Display. Not bad as i thought. Has HD display.Played few HD movies the display was good. However in side angles the screen looks washed out. Colour reproduction was okay. Will rate 3.8/5 considering the cost that I had paid. 4) Processor. Compared here with Grand. Installed "Clean master" and put both the devices in Airplane mode checked for CPU utilization Lenovo showed 48% against 59% in Grand (note lower is better). By the time I did the test I was having more apps in Tab than in my phone. Had some HD games for my kid and they played without Lag. However noticed one point where You tube videos take more time to buffer and some dont even play (in high bandwidth Broadband also). Will rate 4.2/5 considering the cost that I had paid. 5) Speakers. One of the best I had seen. Will rate 6/5 considering the cost that I had paid. Yes I mentioned 6 deliberately. 6) User Friendliness The icons are big enough and lag free while operating. However the settings icon and menu icon are very small and placed in odd places. Even the tab is 7inch we will face challenges in clicking them. On/Off and volume buttons are not so easily accessible. Will rate 3.5/5 considering the cost that I had paid. 7) OTG support. Got a OTG cable for 100rs in local market and device identifies it within seconds and able to play videos without lag. Even some of Samsung devices dont have it. 8) Battery Back up :- Had a very good battery back up. Runs close to 9hrs with heavy gaming and videos. Also charges in 3 hrs. Will rate 4/5 considering the cost that I had paid. 9) Memory:- Internal memory is less. The bad news is post update from lenovo the install space is only 1.5 GB. Try using apps like "Clean Master" which will help to move apps to SD card. Will rate 2.5/5 considering the cost that I had paid. 10) Flipkart Services and WS Retail. I was expecting good services from Flipkart and moderate services from WS but suprisingly Flipkart didnt impress me. I ordered this tab on 28th march and 29th march at 11.36am it was dispatched and reached a hub near my location on Sunday 30th March at 5am. It could had been easily delivered on that day however I got the same delivered to my location (not even 4 kms away from nearest hub) on 1st April. Note March has 31 days net to net 2 days delay. When I opened the box the packing was neatly packed and box was brand new. Even the cover and seal was untouched. Will rate 2/5 for Flipkart service and Will rate 5/5 for WS Retail. Tips for usage. 1) Always keep the Tab switched off when not in use. Afterall this is not a phone to kept on all time. 2) If you are buying this model once you are on Wifi or 2G you will get a update from Lenovo (to increase the usable space to 1.5GB) pls install that first before you install anything. 3) Put a screen guard immediately from a local vendor. This will be about 250-350rs. 4) Dont buy a flipcover online Im having issues in that. Get it from a local market after inspection. Final verdit. If you are planning to get a tab for rugged use , kids to play or elders to get used to Andriod with minimal or no call/2G and having Wifi this is a very good tab. Will rate 4/5 considering the cost that I had paid. Im not giving +1 point because 1)Memory allocation issue(1.5GB) 2)could have better screen resolution. 3)Most importantly as an Indian and expect full paisa vasool and even am satisfied will declare one point less. Thanks for your time and kindly share your suggestions, comments and feedback. Regards, Shiv Kumar.
i bought this A1000 only for Skype Calling. Its having the SIM slot. but it will support only 2G network. Having 1GB RAM, 4GB Space (2GB for user access) Camera is good. Even 40k mobiles having the 0.3 mp front camera. for only Wi-Fi Users, its really awesome product. I was seeing A1000L. But its having only 512 MB RAM. Goood Product... Delivered before the timeline. Super to Flipkart.... :-)
its very nice am satisfied for this product for this cost its working nice and the flipkart is genuin
wow have a great experience with lenovo tab super smooth touch awesome looks great battery back up nice display and flipkart service is great go for it guys....
I'm satisfy to purchase in flipkart. business days followed in correct time to deliver a before one day. product packing is very good and safe to deliver under the control executives.
Its an awesome deal with all best features in lower price. Best Part: 1. Touch, 2. Speed, 3. Connectivity, 4. Sound , 5. Flipkart service, 6. Worth of price Bad part: 1. Camera, 2. Missing Front Camera, 3. 4 GB Internal memory is little lower
Hello Greeting to all, Writing review for my lenovo tablet. This lenovo tablet is very cost effective and feature loaded with calling facility. Pros 1.2 ghz processor (Best gaming Experience) 1 GB DDR2 Ram (No lags in gaming) 7" Screen (Allow Easily to view and read) Super responsive lovely touch screen Call with 2g and compact easily to hold Cons 3G and modem support not there. Low sound when calling. need to use speaker mode Who can buy this? * Best tablet for Music Lovers. Sound Quality is crystal clear with dolby digital * If you are ebook reader * If you want to play it for fun * If you want to use as a mobile * If you have a wifi for good speed browsing and downloading * If your pocket limit is only Rs 6500 - 7000 Don't be fool from previous reviews as they are not certified buyer. We are certified and we had bought it. I bought it @ Rs 6682/-
I am using this tab for 3 days and i am very much satisfied with it. battery backup is above average. Screen is not that bad as some reviewers mentioned. I can Do all my basic task comfortably using this tab.Best of all it support 2g connection so i can be connected to internet on the go.
Very Very Good Tab at very very low cost. Sound, Display, Processor are very nice. Enough memory after system update. Rs 1000.00 cheap from my local market, thanks to flipkart for giving me thats nice product.
Excellent Delivery by Flipkart...Very very proud to buy products in flipkart.. I ordered this tab on 27 mar 2014 and I Got it 29 mar 2014 Morning 10.40 am Itself. Again giving 5/5 stars to flipkart for there delivery and packing style... Now the review about the Lenovo tablet.... Display Clarity and Quality 5/5 Processing speed 4.5 / 5 Internal storage 3 / 5.... Awesome tablet in this price segment... :D
Overall it is a nice product Pros 1.Good signal strength, picks the network quickly and easy to setup 2g Internet. With airtel 2g, Speed is decent. 2. Runs most games smoothly, Temple run very smoothly and recommended for mid range gaming. 3. Good Battery life like Nexus 7, almost one full charge is enough for 7 to 8 hours of continuous use. Will hold the charge for 2 days if used gently for just checking mail and some browsing. 4. Sound quality from both speakers and headphone are good. Use any sony or iphone head phones. I used Iphone Headphone, which is compatible with this tab , easy to attend phone calls. Surprisingly the button in iphone headphone also works fine with this tablet, to attend the call and pause music. 5. Voice calling is good. we can use this tab exactly as phone, obviously a bigger phone :) Cons 1. Just 4 gb internal memory 2. Tablet hangs if dumped with more games in phone memory. Must use SD card.
I am satisfied with this product , but one is the minus point is the this product only support 2G not 3G.
Its a nice product. Using for 1 day and looks fine. No hanging. It is as defined on the features. As usual Flipkart's fastest delivery which happened on Sunday!!! no other courier will do. I ordered on Saturday Morning and I got it Sunday morning with no extra cost. About the product, everything is fine but personally I feel the display's quality is somewhat not up to the mark, but good I would say. It is somewhat heavier... may be I am handling the TAB for the first time... In other matters its fine. Battery is very good and gives a standby for a day with normal usage. Go for the TAB and worth the money and good features.
If you are looking for a low budget tablet it is the best choice in this range.However lava xtron+ has better specifications but this tab supports sim functionality which xtron+ doesn't. Positive pts.- 1.supports voice calling 2.good quality speakers (Dolby) Negative pts.- 1.Low internal memory only 2 gb for apps 2.not hd screen 3.gpu is not so good shows lag in graphic intensive games In this price range you wont get a good company product of this specs. So go for it....
Product is very good and worth the price. Delivery was on time, packing was also very good. I am happy I bought this for my son's birthday. He is loving it too.
spending a good sum on Lenovp idea tab 1000 was not worth it allways gets hot on charging as like Pizza it allways hangs main thing not accepting any sim card for operating
excllent tablet for this price. but the GPS is not much good. And no upgrade to android kitkat.No more drawbacks a cant find. Thank you lenovo.....
I bought Lenovo A1000 Tablet on 10 March and it was delievered promptly on 13 March. The packing was excellent as always. I also have a Asus Google Nexus 7(32 GB) (2012) which I bought from Flipkart on January 6. Now I will try to give you an unbiased review about Lenovo A1000 and also compare it with Google Nexus 7 side by side. 1.SOUND --------- [A1000] - The sound is awesome. The stereo speakers are really good and they are also front facing which is very good. Dolby Digital technology is great!! [Nexus] - The sound is average not as good as Lenovo :) The speakers are at the back which are covered mostly when holding the tablet . 2. SCREEN RESOLUTION ------------------------------ [A1000] - The screen resolution is not that great but it is good enough for playing Full HD 1080 P videos. No lags whatsoever. [Nexus] - Nexus has the sharpest screen resolution in all tablets!! So no problems in any video playing. Pictures are crystal clear and no dull colours. 3. RAM AND GAMING ------------------------ [A1000] - It has 1GB DDR2 RAM and Nexus has 1GB DDR3 RAM. It plays all basic games like Subway Surfers etc but lags while playing heavy games. [Nexus] - It plays all games like a breeze. Nothing ever lags on it. Asphalt, Riptide everything without any problems! 4. CAMERA ------------ [A1000] - The camera is good enough for video calling but nothing more. Both don't have a back camera but who needs it on tablets?? [Nexus] - The camera clarity is excellent. You have to download a Camera Launcher from Google Play to get the Camera App. 5. MEMORY ------------ [A1000] - The internal memory is only 4 GB. You have to buy an external SD card. I bought a 16 GB one from Flipkart. After update you can get more space for apps. [Nexus] - 32 GB is sufficient for every need. HD movies, Games etc. The best part is that all the memory is in one place// Lastly I would request you that this is an honest review. Don't pay any heed to the false reviews. They are not even Certified Buyers... All the reviews are false !! If your range is between Rs 6000-7000 then buy this tablet. If your range is 12000-13000 then Nexus 7 is the best choice. After buying please UPDATE the tablet. Then you will get more space for apps. Also buy the original Lenovo Flipcover and Screenguard. It is a great deal. Please also download MX Player from Google Play. It will help you to play every video format which is not available in this tablet by default and neither in Nexus 7 :D !! PLEASE HIT THE LIKE BUTTON IF YOU FOUND THIS REVIEW HELPFUL!! Thanks for reading this review...................................
I got the delivery of my Lenova A1000 tab on time within 3 days of order... was worried about how safe will it be in transit and how genuine the product will be... But must say the box was fully Lenovo sealed and undamaged... I started using the tab... n trust me guys, its worth money! Go for this tab from WS Retail... Thanks Flipkart for the service!
Product Price and delivery is very awesome. But I need one favour from flipkart that wen I can buy a moto g phone which cost 13999/- and it is delivered at my end but if I want any other product which is above rs 10000 then it is not deliverable at my area. so please do the needful..
Ordered on 22nd March and received on 24th March. Packaging was good as usual. the tablet it awesome with exceptional built quality: Pros: Excellent built quality Very good display In call voice quality is excellent through earpiece as well as speakers. UI smooth with no lags. Cons: Bad front camera. Limited memory space. Overall a very excellent product for the price. P.S: Do not forget to immediately update the software of the Tab on arrival.
perfect tab at this price range when i bought this tab, it has 500 mb space only for installing apps. I was frustrated by it because unable to install new apps... But lenovo released update.. after updating size got increased to 1500 mb.. so no more issues.. sad part is.. all installed apps are gone after update.. i didn't do back up... :(
this tab is really wonderful having following pros and cons merits: 1.powerful battery backup 2. nice display and touch screen 3. 1GB ram is sufficient to run HD films and games 4.2G connectivity demerits: .no 3G . no OTG cable and earphone is provided .seconary camera is not there front camera quality is bad overall as per budget i.e under 10k it is nice tablet having phone calling facilty.
Pros: *Screen resolution and color *Battery *design and build quality *LOVE the next day Express delivery by flipkart! cons: *No Back cam *Really bad front cam
Very useful watch movies and browsing. Display also not bad Camera quality is very poor. @this price range Good to go
Good Product My Order OD40316027052 Perfect Timing & Better Product than Market Tablet computer, a mobile computer that is primarily operated by touching the screen Internet tablet, a mobile appliance focused on Internet and media features Microsoft Tablet PC, a pen-enabled personal computer specification announced by Microsoft in 2001 Graphics tablet or digitizing tablet, a computer input device for capturing hand-drawn images and graphics Tablet (religious), a traditional term used for certain religious texts Tablet (newspaper), a newspaper published in Seattle, Washington The Tablet, a Catholic magazine published in the United Kingdom The Tablet (Diocese of Brooklyn), a Catholic newspaper published in the United States Tablet Magazine, a daily online magazine of Jewish news, ideas, and culture
Very useful watch movies and browsing. Display also not bad Camera quality is very poor. @this price range Good to go
Pros: Good product at this price range. Clarity Sound Browsing experience is great Cons: Viewing angle is too bad Internal memory is too less as the system occupies most of the spaces for the in build application Overall a good product.
I was wondering whether this product still has the internal memory issue(only 500MB available as internal memory i.e. for installing apps).....or is that issue solved in later manufactured products or if it has been given a software/firmware update?????
Though compare to other high price its nothing but for its price its hard to ge good product like this... This model is the G model 4GB of internal and 1 GB of ram with sim card slot. Support OTG also
Within a short span of usage, the main problem found is that the in call volume is tooooo low to hear. Always used to talk in loudspeaker mode. A major drawback.
i had ordered the lenovo tab from flipkart & that was my first online shopping experience. flipkart is really good with the OFFERS, OPTIONS AVAILABILITY and DELIVERY. full 10 out 10 t o FLIPKART. wishing flipkart all success.
this is an better than average tablet, i would say this is between samsung and micromax. performance is good but the screen resolution is not good.
good tablet. using for 2 weeks or so, no problem faced.this tablet is the cheapest tablet from a reputed brand (among Asus, Samsung, HP, Google, etc.) but there is no headphone jack with the box and no micro to normal usb converter.
I have been using this tab for last 10 days and now i am in a position of writing the review. Overall it is an excellent tab from Lenovo. The most amazing feature is the battery backup. With full charge the tab can continue for 2 days with 24 hrs GPRS on and with moderate utility of calling and playing music. Camera Quality is not that great. The speed of the processor is excellent and does not hangs while multitasking and playing games. The display is real HD view with no problem operating in broad day light. This is a beautiful budget tab which meets the requirement of the user professionally and personally.
Product is ok. in 7000 K. its nive touch is good. Video play is good support all format if MX Player is used. I just played temple run 2. it was smooth and nice. Wifi is really pathetic. Not catching speed at all. Other wise I am really happy about this product that's why came here to write review.
After doing a bit of research on cheapest branded tablet i ended up buying this. It has 1.2 GHz dual core, 1 GB ram and good resolution of 1024 x 600 pixels. Moreover its from better known company compared to Datawind, Simtronics, Lava, Intex etc. Coming to its quality. Pros Battery life is desent IPS display is good (not as good as Nexus 7 2012) but it worth it. Touch screen as response is also good. RAM 1GB DDR2 good for day to day activities. Voice calling facility (2G). (not available in nexus 7 2012 which was available at 10999/-) Battery is lithium-polymer (people say its good compared to lithium-ion, but havent done any extensive review on this claim) Cons Quality of secondary camera. Screen width is very slightly less than Nexus 7 2012 but it doesn't matter much. Overall its value for money
Pros:- 1. Built Quality best in class. 2. Speaker is Good. 3. Supports Pen Drive. 4. Decent Voice Clarity on Voice Calling. Cons:- 1. Screen resolution is bit dull. 2. No rear camera. 3. Front Camera is useless. 4. Sim supports only 2G network. 5. No dual sim. 6. Poor Battery life. 7. No Headphone provided. 8. Dual Core Processor is not up to the mark. 9. Internal Memory is only 4GB. 10. No Android updates. 11. No OTG Cable provided. 12. 3G missing. 13. Very few pre-loaded apps. Final Verdict:- This is good voice calling branded tablet. Better than local brand. Good choice only for those who want :- basic use just to watch movies playing basic games listening music browsing internet over wifi 2G internet (EDGE / GPRS) from sim card. .
Been using this machine for 6 months and haven't met up with hardware failures. I was expecting lenovo devices to fail after 3-4 months of usage,but mine's still working young. Screen resolution is satisfactory,1.2 Gig dualcore certainly shows itself..Dolby surround speakers outperforms anything in the vicinity. You will have to replace in the box screenguard soon. Backup gets down after 6 months....Probably we all are well aware of that.
super tab for gaming i check all gaming review their is no lagging while playing games like nfs most wanted ,modern warfare etc and pick into your pocket,dual speakers good any ways it's very cheap only 6500-7000
I bought this tablet as a gift for my 12-year-old daughter thinking it'll be enough for the child. I was wrong.......its good enough EVEN FOR ME !!!!!!!! Though the touch quality isn't AS good as an Apple iPad or a Samsung Tab, the difference is not READILY discernible. The 1GB RAM is sufficient for internet usage, gaming and other usage. Only drawback is that the internal memory of 4GB gets used up quickly IF you don't set the default download path to the external memory card, which is supported upto 32GB. All in all, this is a "Value-for-money"
its good, but call quality is very poor, it plays very smoothly videos.viewing angle is poor, in sufficient RAM memory, always its gives warning very less free space. I am not satisfied with this product.
This is by far the best 7 inch tab you can get at 7000 bucks and it comes with cellular too. Battery life is ok as well the only two things worth noting are low internal memory at only 2 gb and NO 3G and back camera, OVERALL THE BEST TAB AT INR 7000
REVIEW AFTER USING Pros Good sensitivity Good viewing angle although only in two sides Multi process are good I myself ran 5 no lag I experienced Good battery backup more than a day with normal usage 6 hrs gprs ,19 min call,30 min gaming Good music dolby speaker loud sound Otg suppprt for mounting only fat (NTFS not mounting (IF ROOTED NTFS ALSO MOUNTS) Fast charging No heat issue Internal 1.5 GB(update released) Cons No 3g Viewing angle is good in only two sides As it is new acessories are not available readily like pouch screen guard Sony headset is not working with this (along with mic) , samsung headsets are working fine 3G DATA CARD ALSO NOT SUPPORTS Stating it is slow because of Lenovo launcher we can install any other launcher then u will see its full capacity Verdict by me is good blindly if ur budget is lower for getting nexus AND NEED A CALL FACILITY TABLET
its work perfectly no lags in playing video ..dashing look..excellent sound in front speakers..display very clear due to 1024*600 resolution, good battery backup..i m enjoying it but only one drawback..there was no headphones in accessory inside the box. only contains tab,charger,usb cable...
I have got this tab in 24 hours, Got it for very low price Rs.6449/-. The overall performance or quality of the product is very good. Prior to this I'm using Ubislate 7c+.I have noticed that there are lot of quality and performance differences in between Ubislate and lenovo idea tabs. For ubislate 7c+ I spent Rs.5700/ But this tab I got it for Rs.6449/- with extra features.I'm very much happy with this tab. This tab is having good Wi-fi and phone signal capability. But in case of ubislate its very low. This tab is having IPS display with front speaker and Dolby dts audio out. Its very good for watching HD movies and playing games. Touch sensitivity is also good. This tab is having 3500 Li-polymer batter, This is giving very good battery backup.Also having GPS. Really good. I'm 200% satisfied with this tab. I would suggest all don't buy other small brands like Ubislate, Once again many thanks to Flipkart for their quick and quality service. IMP NOTE FOR EVERY NEW CUSTOMER: ---------------------------------------------------------------- Please Upgrade the tab version to latest version by going to Settings->about Tablet->System Upgrade before using it or before installing any apps. Otherwise you will get some low memory issues. By upgrading to latest version, the internal memory will be increased to 2gb. where as the initial internal memory is around 500mb only. So make sure that you are doing system upgrade to latest version. Latest build number is : A1000G_A412_01_10_131008_2G
Hey Geeks. Stop criticizing & harassing this poor fellow. Always remember one thing before you turn yourself a critic, “Get what you PAY”. As long as anything meets this, settle satisfied. I’m pretty happy with this beauty as it meets that category. Many 1-4* rating here is all about the specs of this product & FK’s service support as i can see. We’re not here about discussing the specs of this product as it’s already locked down but about the performance. I give ita 5* rating as i’m completely blown away with it’s performance (Mind again, at the entry level & ~7K price range). I felt meh when I saw couple of reviews who had mentioned lack of “rear camera/flash/flip cover, etc” as cons of this device. Ufff., grow up guys!! Finally, I would strongly recommend this low budget top performer to my friends!
After two updates of about 90 MB followed by 5 MB, the partition has been rearranged as 1 GB USB Storage into which I can move apps, and a 1.5 GB partition into which i can install apps (did my update via WifFi). So i have about 2.5GB of apps space. Only thing i wanted was to move apps into the SD Card, which i can't. Would very much like the 4.4 KitKat update, even an update to 4.3 Jelly Bean will do. CPUZ shows 600x976 resolution at 160 DPI Processor is an ARM Cortex A9 dual core clocked at 250 MHz to 1.21 GHz GPU is a PowerVRSGX 531 (Imagination Technologies) Battery Voltage is shown as 3910 mV Proximity, Light and Accelerometer sensors RAM is 1 GB (975 MB actual) Mediatek mt6577 chipset with armv71 kernel architecture Small games run excellently well, have not tried the big ones yet about 20 games on it now. Touch experience great. Have put a SIM Card and call is clear, since it supports only 2G browsing is slow. Playing games continiously for more than an hour does make the Tab warm. Battery life good, a the end of the day using WiFi for about 6 hours gets my battery level to about 40%. All in all a good product at a low price for the budget conscious. I bought it for my kids to play on, they are happy so am I. Would love it if Lenovo did not partion the 4 GB space and gives it to me as a single partition, allows apps to install in it and allow me to move Apps to SD Card. And Yes the Speakers are good and clear, and i get good stereo sound, not seen in tablets at this cost range. That is a huge plus.
I had been reading reviews about tablets over various websites to find out the best deal I can get since two months.. I had been using lenovo laptops. It is a superior brand in terms of product quality. I decided to go for lenovo and anchored my search on the best possible deal online. Flipkart is undoubtedly one of the best stores. And as expected lenovo is one of the most reliable brands. It has every feature that was described. I felt great to decide on this piece of gadget. The call facility working fine. GPRS gives decent speed and serves my browsing needs. Voice n video play quality is great. Display is great. Touch is optimised. And fits in my hands and easy to carry in my vanity bag. Friends if u have decided, go for it.. I recommend with all satisfaction. thanks flipkart and thanks lenovo.. thanks to the seller..
It is up to the expectation. Reasonable price exclusively on flipkart and WS Retail. It is not for those who love to click pics.
I bought this tablet for my brother as he was finding it difficult to hold his phone while at home as his two children always played with his Micromax Canvas HD A116 phone. He then decided to go for a budget tablet and we both researched a lot and finally decided on this Lenovo A1000 tablet. This was the best decision as this turned out to be the best gadget. Both the kids are enjoying this tablet as they play games in this. Also it helps them for studying as lot of online study material available to them now. His wife also enjoys watching videos, movies and songs on this tablet. The screen resolution is great. The camera is also great gives good picture quality. Front camera allows video calling, this camera also is good. SIM feature allows you to take calls too. This tablet is a good second companion when we are bored of sitting on computers or watching lot of TV. Lenovo is known for its computers and laptops and this tablet is sturdy and a leader in performance. Touch response is superb. I downloaded a lot of games and apps. I have put 4GB extra Micro SD card as there is a MSD card slot for this. Battery life is also great, gives 2 days or operations on a full charge for moderate to heavy usage. Overall, a good budget tablet for daily use. A good play thing for kids as well as adults, for the full family.
I purchased this prduct.every thing ok only batrybackup low and body heats suddnely when you try to do somthing...otherwise performance is overall good...
good tablet by lenovo at this price some con.1.no rear camera 2.display is not so clear.but processor and build guialty is good we are satisfied wid this.
Battery backup is very bad. Internal memory is only 4GB. This product should be banned from the market......
I've been using this tablet for last 10 days, I feel very nice tablet for browsing, hearing songs and watching videos. Pros - 1.Music(if you are music lover, then this tablet is for you. Stereo loud speaker is very good when watching HD songs and Audio is pretty good when hearing with dolby sound) 2.Price(you can't get a tablet with good call facility in this price tag) 3.Though it supports 2G only, it works very good and speed. 4.It supports 1.5 GB for apps installation(There is some update given by lenova, it was 500 MB before) 5.Look, it looks very cool Cons- 1.Front Cam is not good, its only for namesake 2.Resolution of the screen is not good,(but for 7k price tag it is more than ok :))
my 3g data card information: airtel 3g (huwaei E173Bu-1) every thing good on this tab except- 1. available app memory 2. no rear camera
A good buy in this range. What i am missing is Back camera. Rest all is good looking at the budget. And off course great service from Flipkart as usual.
It is working fine and worth buying this tab except the Bluetooth is not able to detect the smart phones. 2g works fine. Battery is not Ok as it said.
attention to all. zindagi main kuch b le lena par lenovo ka yeh tablet kabi mat lena aur khas kar it ambience jaise seller se...
Recvd on 30-12 -13 in good condisn, stil running well (4-1-2014) , I feel it as NEW YEAR GIFT, thanks to FLIPKART.
hiiii guys.... nvr purchase any lenovo product.....service is very bed...... I bought Lenovo 1000 Tablet on 20th August,2013 from Sindhi computer,Surat.But due to some problem tab was not powering On from 28th august.I visited your service center on 2nd september nd note my complaint. My So no. Is 7020677796. your technician gave me 10 days for waiting.nd i waited bt he said parts were not available.Nd he want another 2 months.ETA is 30/10/2013. And i m not satisfy your service.i not wait more longer time. So, I requested to U that Replace my tablet or refund my money as soon as.
This tablet is very good gives good battery backup its display is also good and has good sound quality it can play any type of video up to 720 p smoothly. but it cannot handle high graphic games and does not support 3G and also rear camera . overall it is a good tablet at less price.
After a disastrous dalliance with a similar Micromax product, I had no choice but to opt for Lenovo in similar price range. My sincere thanks to Lenovo for having this product. The product looks and feels awesome in hands with great touch and smooth performance. Best budget tablet for the ones who need need calling facility with no access to 3G network.
Don't bother about others review am saying its very good tablet i bought this for 6999 from flipkart 1 ) excellent sound, 2 ) excellent touch response 3 ) excellent clarity in both display and sound 4)1gb ram is good 5)internal memory is 500 mb available and usb memory is 2gb
Everything is fine as said in the specifications. The device is great. But i was shocked to see that Lenovo does not provide any temporary screen guard.
Hey Friends, I bought this Lenovo Idea Tab A1000 Tablet 2 months back for my younger brother but i was not sure that how it gonna perform but luckily it is working fine in all ways.... touch is good, sound is good, display is fine. I must say overall experience is fine till now. Last year i bought my 1st Android phone and that was Dell XCD35 and that time i was not lucky as that is now a scrap for me....otherwise Dell is a reputed name in India like Lenovo... but it was completely a bad exp. for me. This time I have ordered another low budget android phone which is XOLO A500s IPS. Here,reviews are pretty fine but lets see, how it works for me. Now,I would like to share my knowledge about Android phones, that what are the basic things you must consider before buying any Android phone.... 1. Buy any phone but the Screen Size should be atleast 4" inches, as you are buying a touch screen phone... so i think small screens can't give you that feel of touch phones. 2. Processor should be good but RAM and Internal memory plays a very crucial role in an Android phone. Processor and RAM both runs together and gives you theirs best... so pls try to consider atleast 1GB RAM with any processor. 3. Now, Internal memory is another most important part that we need to consider. Most of the low budget phones lacks there but if there is not enough IM...i can't go for a long run. please consider atleast/minimum 4GB IM for any android device coz you will get only approx 2GB IM for your data usage.... and in android phones if don't have this much... you phone performance will automatically lack in performance... it start getting stuck and hanging problems with your phone. So these three are the most basic things you must consider before buying any Android phone. Thanks
The tab is performing very well! The the display is very good, audio is clear. Battery has reasonable longivity.
Hi All, I have been using this tablet for more than 2 months now, its just the way as advertised. Please note the only negative on this tablet was the internal memory is just 500MB even though its advertised as 4GB. of the 4GB, 1.5GB is used by the android OS. the remaining 2.5 GB is split as 500MB internal and 2 GB as USB storage. This has been fixed now with the latest upgrade given by Lenovo. So please do not get confused with all the negative reviews of low internal memory. This tablet has a internal memory of 1.5 GB for installing apps and 1GB of additional space for moving the apps which can be moved. Hope my review helps all here
i brought this at a store within 10 days stared my problems, suddenly the tab was not switching on , i took it to the store, they sent me to lenovo service center at service center they said problem was with the battery i was retuned my product after 17 dayssssssssssss again within one day same problem started :( unable to exchange :( waste of money :(
i required a tablet for gaming . i bought this tablet from alocal lenovo store and it is on my expectations . temple run2, subway surfers can be played without lagging. i downloaded 12 games and no games hang . i have problems only in internal memory. the touch is good and is the best tablet under 9k in india.
I am working in a software company. We develop android based applications which are specially designed for Field Officers(Marketing). We monitor the field officers through GPS system. I suggested to purchase these tabs because GPS is there in this TAB. But when I install the software in those tabs, I am unable to get any location information from the satellites. Every time it is showing "Your current location is temporarily Unavailable" message. I tried to search my current location in navigation as well as in maps but failed. This is the worst TAB i ever seen. Battery is also another issue.
Report after 2 months use. Pros: 1. Battery backup is perfect 2. processor is best at this price 3. execelent graphics for high end games (call of duty, gta, Dark ni8...etc.) 4. best sound with dolby dual frond facing speaker 5. amazing net surfing 6. front cam is not bad video chatting 7. external audio driver can be installed for better customization cons: 1. some internal OS bugs like clock alarming in switched off mode 2. no 3g 3. rooting is hard to do...not possible may be 4. firmware not available
Thanks to Flipkart Service...!!! For its best Service. A Mid Range Still Good One FOr Rough Use... :).Its performance is good ,Battery backup also good enough.VFM 8/10.
Don't waste your money because i have use this product, Purchase some newly launch company product like DOMO Slate X3G 4th which many Amazing Feature & Specification. DOMO Slate X3G 4th :- 1) Quad Core processor 2) 1 GB Ram 3) 24 GB Internal Memory 4) Android 4.2.2 Jelly bean (Upgrade Version) 5) 3G Calling Tablet. 6) Front/Back Camera 5mp/2mp Lenovo A1000 :- 1) 1.2 GHz MTK8317 Dual Core Processor 2) 1 GB Ram 3) Internal Storage 4 GB 4) Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) 5) 2G Calling 6) Only front Camera 0.3 mp So I Recommend to every one to purchase DOMO Slate X3G 4th.
I bought this for my parents as they are not very tech savvy ppl. for the price its worth. easy to handle. like to share the net connectivity -- please set the APN setting before using it for applications like watsapp etc. i struggled for 3 days to successfully install the apps. finally work after changing the settings as was done in the phone. also replacement policy is not to return THE MONEY BACK instead it is NEW PIECE EXCHANGE.
its a gud budget tablet for beginners, style is awesome, not that weighty, camera could have been gud, plus sound quality while calling is very low morever its 2 gud for music lovers..... :-)
i am telling this is a good product from lenovo. i just order on flipkart.i already use this product & it's awsm but if flipkart give me good product without any damage then i'll be happy more....
I have received the tab from flipkart in 3 days. You have to charge the battery for full backup capacity when u receive. I have faced the problem of complete dead condition after using it for a hour, after opening it. And there is some bug in the device, in charging. Use the software put in the lenovo website. There is limitation of RAM. only 512 MB is allowed for personal use. Another 512 MB will be used for inbuilt softwares, which you can't alter. This is the catch in this model. Sim support: For calls, it is okay. but for data connection, 2G here would mean GPRS speed; not EDGE. Beware of this option. Neither device shows, what connection does this operate. Overall it is ok for the money...
I bought Lenovo Idea Tab A1000 Tablet that too in EMI this for my mom, its working as expected ,Thanks Flipkart As always they delivered with in 30 Hours
Hi, I bought this tab from Flipkart about 2 weeks ago. It is a very good tab. Beautiful looks, smooth touch and a very nice battery back which was my priority. The only bad things are that the front camera should have been better and it should have had 3G. It is a very good tab who want to use it for their work purpose. I'll suggest everyone interested to buy it.
This tab is my first tab and it is my best tab I have recently checked out that this tablet is one of the best calling tab. There is only one disadvantage about this tab that it does not support 3G sims. You can you the 3G sim at 2G speed. But the if you download the app that can make this tab support 3G then you can even use 3G sims. I really like this tab and I am proud of lenovo.
if u are a first time tab user and do not compare it with the higher price tabs available and do not care about the camera,its very good...i bought it from flipkart and delivery was quick. no earphones or memory card given..that was not good..and now feeling that 3g should have been there..sad:( plays all video formats with mx player..can connect pendrives in fat format with otg cable..ntfs not supported... i tried connecting my micromax 353g dongle and it was not detected..should still see which all dongles are supported..a little help from someone will be appreciated:) overall its a very nice tab for the price.no problems related to hardware..go for it:)
1st of all thanks to FLipKart for 2 days before delivery of my Tab from tentative date of delivery. The tab is very nice as all aware it has no rear camera and front camera is only 0.3 MP i purchased it for pics, sound quality and grt processor speed. Lenovo product is very nice i am using it for more than 20 days without any fault. Good battery backup, less/no heat issue; after more than 2 hours working, 2G data support by SIM Card, So purchase it if u have no issue with camera & 3G data via SIM, except these the tab has everything.
I bought this tablet 15 days ago and I am very happy with it. Those who have rated it "weak" and "bad" should use the tab and then comment. The display is very good and I have played Blu Ray videos without any issue. The tab shows no lag whatsoever. Played games like Angry Birds Star Wars 2 and Danger Dash without any problem. The graphics reproduction is quite impressive. The sound quality of front speakers is mind blowing, thanks to the Dolby Digital technology. If you want the best audio experience, install WinAmp. The only negative thing about this tab is the call quality. You can barely hear what the other person is saying. However, if you are using a headset, then this should not be a serious issue. Internet speed in good in 2G (Airtel). Finally, guys, please think that this tab is below 9000 INR and offers SIM card facility. Can you even get a decent Wi-Fi tab at this price point? By the way, iPad lovers, Wi-Fi is useless in India. If I have to search for areas where I can get password free Wi-Fi access, then what is the use of a device that someone is buying for accessing internet on the go? Wi-Fi tabs are like expensive cars. Only one problem...there is petrol to run the car! :-P
Problems- Disply quality is very bad Internal Memory- very very low(240mb) Hang & Heating issue defective charger very slow sound qualiy not so clear
My opinion about lenovo changed after using this tablet. Here are few of the problems. For complete list of problems, waste your money: 1- bad screen resolution. bad viewing angle. 2- No internal space left after upgrading the applications. It tells 4 GB internal memory, actually it has only 200 MB, U cant download even a single app. 3- Bad call quality. 4- Tablet was shipped with defective USB cable, lenovo refused to replace saying it is not covered under warrenty. 5- bad customer care. They dont know anything about Tablet or phone. 6- heating issues. 7- Tablet hangs all the time. 8- very few games are visible... Does someone needs more problems? I am sure they are making money only in re branding some Chinese tablet.
I have bought 3 numbers of lenovo A1000 tabs (not through Flipkart, but in the US). Just wanted o let you know all three of them have failed - they do not turn on at all! You have multiple options to choose from now - a1000 should be your last priority! -Kiran
Here are the problems: 1- It says 4GB internal memory but only 500MB is there for App. With update of system apps itself, there is no space left. It means you CAN NOT download any other application. What is the use of tablet? 2- I got a defective charger and LENOVO refused to replace that. They say, it is not covered under warrenty? what the heck? 3- low and bad resolution. 4- bad calling quality 5- bad wifi signal. it seems Lenovo is selling some junk chinese product without any customer service. Very disappointed with service. My last product from Lenovo.
There is no words to express the great functionality of this tab. After searching all the tablets in the market for over 2 months i decided to go with this tab because of its Specs. Pros : Budget tab Great display Android JB OS Dolby Speaker is awsome ! supports all video formats excellent battery backup great touch response SIM facility Cons : - No rear camera - Fromt Cam is really really really really poor. Even in a bright sun shine you cannot see your face captured. It remains black shadede always. Better could have not given this. - No headset given - A third party local charger is given with the box. Overall you can buy this tab without any hesitation(if u dont mind camera).
I have faced the problem of the tab going into diagnostic mode ,which takes 12-14 hrs to complete,every 2-3 days right from purchase date.So every time i put it on, there is no surety of it working !And Lenovo is refusing to take responsibility for it!Please do not buy lenovo A1000.
its a product which is worth buying it .any latest game like fifa 14 works smothly supports all latest app its good looking camera is not good but d thing is that in this price its more than enough
overall its a good tablet in ds range...good battery backup,n plus point is dt front facing dual speaker , -ve point is dt ,they would hv given 3G n primary camera but no worries ,if u hv wifi connection n tablets r not been made for photography .. so if ur planning to perches a tab..ds one is a good choice ....
Its a budget tablet but only 500mb internal memory means a biggest problem.tablet didn't supply screen guard so you have to buy screen guard seperetly otherwise your tablet suffer from scratches like mine 'it will cost nearly 400 bucks. Display quality is not very good .I also not able to connect dongle via otg cable,I really don't know how to connect .
great product...........superb touch, but display is not good. cons:- poor display, no primary camera. pros:- great sound, good touch response.
Flipkart delivered it to me within 2 days.When i first switched it on, it went off automatically and I was not able switch it on again. But the problem was with a fully drianed battery.Its now ok after charging for 12 hours . So please rememebr to recharge it fully before first use
I bought this from a different online retailer 1 week back. The price keeps on fluctuating. Flipkart was offering it for Rs 7499 few days back. Why a misunderstood tablet? This is a decent tablet with remarkable build quality and battery life. When I first pressed the power key, it went to Factory mode and then self test mode. I panicked. Worst fears coming true. What happens is as follows: 1. You start the tablet, it goes into factory mode. First test is some ALPSS or something. It is testing the proximity sensor located just right to the camera ( horrible camera, though). You have to touch it after 5 seconds. It then goes to other tests. 2. It tests the screen, sound, touch and you have to press ok or pass. 3. I got stuck when it asked for a headset. It requires a mobile 3.5 mm headset which I didn't have. Well search on google showed that many buyers had the same issue. One person gave the solution and also informed that the first test is for the proximity sensor. The solution is to reset the tablet. The reset button is located just below the sd card slot. You can see it once you open the flap. Press the button with a pin or suitable instrument and the tablet resets and starts normally. Probably it is a fault of Lenovo for messing up the first boot. The internal memory for tablet sold in India ( model A1000-G) remains at 500 MB even after the software update. We have to wait for the upgrade. Anyways you can manage by moving newly installed apps to USB storage by using the ES file manager. USB storage is the remainder of the 4GB internal memory. Gaming: I have played Subway surfer, Temple Run 1 and 2, Cut the Rope, Angry birds, Indiatimes T20 fever without any problem. Reviews mention you can play most games without any lag Camera is horrible. Anyways the purpose of the camera is for video chat and not for taking snaps. That too is pathetic. Touch sensitivity is excellent except at the extreme edges. Display: Very good display and colour reproduction. Viewing angle is okay from all sides except from the left of the tablet. Wifi is good and there are no issues with it. Battery life is good, lasting for 6- 8 hours on continuous use. Charges fully within 2 hours. Could not check GPS and bluetooth. This table has been slammed by most reviewers who compared it to Google nexus and Samsung Tablets. Consumption of content through a tablet is highly personal and each has one's own requirements and expectations. I am happy and all my needs required from a tablet are met with Lenovo A1000. .
This tablet is a nightmare. I had a friend order one for me. I came from some third party vendor through flipkart. It came with a no return policy. I did not bother one bit. I had bought it for keeps really. I thought what ever problems it could have would be minor. but wait. 2 days after I bought it, it goes of into a self test mode. And then fails a series of tests and stays put with a character screen for ever. You cannot turn off this blasted piece of trash. You just have to let the battery drain for the next 8 to 16 hours. Apparently then you can recharge it and use it. I ran in panic to the service center in Hyderabad - Ameerpet with this thing. There is an aged couple sitting right in front of me with exactly the same problems. And there is an engineer helping them with the issue. But they put me through the same rigmarole for 3 hours before they diagnosed it as a faulty battery (same as the other case). And kept it for 2 weeks. I cannot reach these angels on the phone. for 5 working days straight (with several holidays in between) I tried their landline. It connects, and a beautiful voice from heaven on the IVR tells me I am a very valuable customer etc and I have to wait for service. Several minutes later it goes off into a forbidding vacuous silence. I am able to get to the lenovo call center. The gentleman on that call center also tried the service center for some time. And then advised me that the service center is not receiving calls and the only way for me to find out what is happening is go back to this place 17 km from my home. Oh it is just next door. He is not asking me to go to Delhi like the local MPs have to do for resolving issues on a case by case basis. I land at this service center. And then suddenly I am informed that the nice folks have noticed my case and are replacing the battery. I have to sit for 1 hour to collect my tab. Anyway I bring it back home after two weeks. And then the fun starts again. I come home and then notice my google account is not working on this tab. After 2 hours of panic again, suddenly it starts working. And the next couple of days I scramble to install my apps that I had cleared out before handing it in for service. There is a very interesting design bomb in this tablet. To start with it has only a 4 gb internal storage. Bad design in the first place, but a workable hardware for os and apps. But wait a minute. 1.5 gb is occupied by the OS. and 2.5 GB is left. Not too bad. But here is the real joke. you can install apps only on 500 mb. Some engineer with a wicked sense of practical humor produced this crap. the remaining 2gb is reported as external usb memory. apps will not typically install to this. You have to install an additional app like app2sd for moving apps out to this 2 gb partition. Then this workaround it will not work with many apps. the 500 mb fills up very rapidly. in about 20 apps. facebook occupies about 50 mb. updates to default existing apps will eat up your "internal" 500 mb without your even having to install anything. And these updates typically cannot be moved. Now here is the real kick. two days after I brought back this unit from the service center, the crazy piece of junk starts it system test again randomly. Again I have to let the battery drain out and perhaps take it back to the service center. I have to rate the whole experience 50 stars below zero. Buy this machine if you want to go through a science project designed to be a practical joke at considerable personal expense and heart burn. There are already enough reviews about this machine on the web. There is no reset button on the tab anywhere. The bright folks who produced this tab are so confident about their brilliant work, that nobody noticed this simple feature. There are safety valve in 200 year old boilers. But nothing on this one. Oh we can dispense with such uncivilized thing. Just let the damned thing explode. this is for a1000 f. I have a a1000g no updates yet. can they fix anything with any updates?
this is a very nice tablet at this range by lenovo. i am using this tab a few month ago and this is a very fast tablet . it is having 1cc speakers and also 1 gb of ram . with a very fast 1.2 processor this is a very fast . it is light weight and also very slim. touch is very good and so overall it is a nice tablet.
THIS IS AN AWESOME TAB . I AM HAVING THIS TAB AND IT IS VERY GOOD WITH 1CC SPEAKERS AND A VERY FAST 1.2 PROCESSOR IT IS A VERY NICE TAB. IT IS ALSO HAVING A GOOD RAM AND BATTERY IS ALSO VERY GOOD IT IS A VERY NICE TAB.THIS TABLET IS BEST AT THIS RANGE . THE TAB IS VERY LIGHT WEIGHT AND ALSO VERY SLIM . LENOVO A1000 IS HAVING ANDROID 4.1 WHICH IS VERY NICE . SO OVERALL IT IS A VERY NICE TAB FROM LENOVO
VERY USEFUL TABLET I BOUGHT THIS TABLET FROM LENOVO SHOWROOM GREAT TO USE .RESOLUTION IS GOOD. SPEAKERS WERE DUAL SO THIS IS VERY LOUD AND IT HAS DOLBY DIGITAL FUNCTION. DUAL CORE PROCESSOR WITH 1.2 GHZ. I USE DOCOMO SYM 2G NETWORK WORKS FINE SPEED IS GOOD. ONLY PROBLEM IS 503 MB INTERNAL FOR DOWNLOAD APPLICATIONS BUT YOU CAN MOVE IT TO EXTERNAL SD CARD AFTER DOWNLOAD. GO AND GRAB IT GUYS. MORE WORTH FOR YOUR MONEY.
its an average tablet... display is the worst factor in this tab... its whitish and grainy... thr front camera is totally negligible... weird video formats are supported.. rest calling features are ok... performance is also ok...
I have ordered this product from Flipkart & using it since 15 days Pros - excellent call quality good download speed when using over 2g connection does not heat up even after using for more than 5 hours in one stretch decent web surfing experience when using over WiFi connection Jelly Bean 4.1.2 which is enough at this price point well made - feels like any other Lenovo product - decent,durable but not flashy very good battery life & touch screen experience exceptional sound quality from inbuilt speakers as well as from head phones. Cons - are there any ? I paid just Rs. 8889 /- (mind it, I have not paid Rs. 18889 /-) At this price can anybody ask anything more ? considering ................... 1) Its branded product 2) Lenovo products are known for there durability 3) No need to carry your business phone on weekends as you can carry this tab -stay connected to net & still stay reachable to your near ones without getting disturbed by your business phone.
cons: Many people have written 3g is a limitation... but i m getting good internet speed even with 2g data (airtel sim). I did not find heat issue also. Battery is also okay. Dolby sound quality superb because of dual front speakers...503mb internal app space can be solved by moving apps to sd card. blue tooth, screen touch, all those are good only... no lagging between apps... I dont play games, so i cant comment on gaming experience. It is good for reading... and watching movies... v can comfortably watch movies without earphones also, because of good front speakers. cons: But i was expecting that, i should be able to connect to tata photon... but it does not work... I have not written any BIASED review.. i have used it and then writing this review.
This is a totally useless phone. its touch is not that responsive, often hangs. poor camera. net speed is miserable. better u throw ur money than buying this tab. the only good thing is the Jellybean OS.
my 1st ordered tab is faulty but flipkart replaced it within two days. my review after using it:- pros:- 1. nice build quality 2. awesome sound quality 3. good display 4. good battery backup 5. good U.I. 6. calling available cons:- 1. no rear camera 2. poor front camera quality 3. no other headphone is supporting 4. no 3g 5. bluetooth v4 not compatible with other mobile 6. very less internal memory
except few things this tab is outstang....only 503Mb internal memory for applications. The device only gives warning to uninstall a few apps to free spaces very frequently.....front camera(0.3 MP) quality is very poor...no 3g/ no rare camera.
I have received the Tablet few days ago, and heres a quick review Highs: 1. Great Display 2. Nice Asthetics - Look, Feel & Build 3. Price for a steal 4. Lastest Jelly Bean OS 5. Dolby Sound 6. Sleek 7. Nice video quality Lows: 1. Not a Great Battery Life. I charged the tablet to 100% in the night and in morning it was reduced to 66% (No backend app running) with WiFi On 2. Head Phone was missing 3. The charger does not have Lenovo Logo 4. 2G: If this Tablet had 3G - it would have been killer. 5. UI and Touch needs some improvement 6. Storage capacity of 4 GB is way less. Min Expectation was 8 GB. 7. Rear Camera Missing Overall Rating: A very decent product with renouned brand is a steal. At this price it will fit pockets of Students and Naive tablet users and new users as well and it looks niche.
After using it for 16 days... Attributes! 1}Superb battery back up! 2}Amazing front speaker audio quality/clarity! 3}Mp3 quality through 3.5 mm headset jack even more better than speaker! 4}can pair very easily with bluetooth version 3.0 enabled wireless headset! 5}Sexy Manly Looks! Especially the all black in color one! I just loved it! Drawbacks/Limitations! 1} Call receiver quality sound through earpiece is very poor! 2} Never get messed/muddled with OTG & 2g internet because this device only supports 2G sim internet. No one can insert any of 3g dongles into that OTG female connector what meant only for pen drives or other normal USB port! 3}internal memory one could have of merely 503 MB(?) out of that 1 GB DDR2 RAM which is way pathetic especially for downloading other apps differently from marketplace! The device only gives warning to uninstall a few apps to free spaces very frequently which I personally think a major limitation of this phone! 4}This device always get heated from the backwards while charging; no matter whether you put it into switch on or off mode! 5}I'm not even bothering about the rear camera but front one which comes with a 0.3 MP, but by quality it's simply way deplorable even if me compare it with micromax funbook 0.3 MP camera one. Not expected at least this from Lenovo. 6} Tricky travel adapter one is not even a branded lenovo product but been manufactured by some china based third party named HuntKey. 7}UI and Touch is desperately needs massive improvement & upgradation. Well I personally assume, regarding UI & Touch sensitivity no one would been dare to level its shoulder with SAMSUNG! Apart from all these this device is not that bad in this price amount especially after a self renowned branded company followed by Samsung! Thank folks!
Firstly,am very Happy with the service of flipkart. The flipkart part was flawless off course. Received my package in 2 days when the delivery time said 6-8 days... Pros Good sensitivity Good viewing angle although only in two sides Multi process are good I myself ran 5 no lag I experienced Good battery backup more than a day with normal usage 6 hrs gprs ,19 min call,30 min gaming Good music dolby speaker loud sound Otg suppprt for mounting(only fat, NTFS not mounting) Fast charging No heat Internal going to be 1.5 GB Cons No 3g Internal app memory is 500mb only Viewing angle is good in only two sides As it is new acessories are not available readily like pouch screen guard Sony headset is not working with this (along with mic) , samsung headsets are working fine
1st of all i wonder ,lenovo international brand laptop/mobile company..introduced such a cheap quality products even they have well established. a1000 tab was introduced long back (april 2012) but it was not built with voice 2g sim calling option. now same tablet upgraded with voice call(2g sim) but.. no 3g sim connectivity a mojor draw back.why cant u deliver a complete featured tablet ..which competes d market. and even the back end cover slot is also made up of cheap quality polymer..but now dn know why ranbir kapoor(brand ambassodor) coming in ad to promote in lenovo tab .. and he s telling new a1000..:) lol lenovo grow up.. dnt introduce these kind of products again
Pros 1, Good Display . Good viewing angle from three sides. 2, Good Sound quality through speakers and headphone Dolby Digital feature is awesome. 3, Good battery backup since it is LI-Po.. 4, Good look and nice build quality. 5, 2G calling & internet. 6, Brand Value. 7, 1.2GZ Dual core + power VRSGX531 GPU. Cons 1, No headphone in the pack you must buy if you don't have one. No HDMI port 2, Touch is not feather smooth but it is ok type. 3, Battery and back cover is not removable but service centers are available for lenevo.and it is their own product and not re-branded so service will be better. 4, Memory for applications is only around 500Mb free so it will be difficult to install application with size more than 500MB.although 'Apps to SD' app is working fine and installed apps can be moved to SD after installation. Overall : The ultimate Value for money tablet for < 9K
What would you expect from a tablet within this price range? Nice Look 1.2 Ghz Processor 1GB RAM 4GB internal memory (this might be a bit low but its good enough) amazing sound voice calling Good battery (3500MAH) The quality of display is average and also it doesn't support 3g and removable drive. But after all I would like to say its a good piece.
Pros Good sensitivity Good viewing angle although only in two sides Multi process are good I myself ran 5 no lag I experienced Good battery backup more than a day with normal usage 6 hrs gprs ,19 min call,30 min gaming Good music dolby speaker loud sound Otg suppprt for mounting only fat (NTFS not mounting (IF ROOTED NTFS ALSO MOUNTS) Fast charging No heat issue Internal 1.5 GB(update released) Cons No 3g Viewing angle is good in only two sides As it is new acessories are not available readily like pouch screen guard Sony headset is not working with this (along with mic) , samsung headsets are working fine 3G DATA CARD ALSO NOT SUPPORTS Stating it is slow because of Lenovo launcher we can install any other launcher then u will see its full capacity Verdict by me is goo blindly if ur budget is lower for getting nexus AND NEED A CALL FACILITY TABLET
Don't even think of buying it! This device is just pathetic. Actually i was thinking of buying it so went to 'a retailer' to get hands on it but it is just useless, in just a single swipe I was convinced 'no way dude'! This is so slow that even just swiping through screens takes much time forget running apps and multitasking! I would say better go look for Tab 2 (wifi), it's just 1k more and the gpu is too good. Even games like most wanted are supported and multitasking is much easier and lag free.
Lenovo you can not fool Indian consumers by offering such products ,World has moved on to 4g we in India have 4g in few cities but 3g has picked up remarkably ,in this age of technology upgradation you offer a product with 2g at a price of 9000rs ,when even a 5000rs phone has 3g ,Lenovo R & D and the Marketing department really need to get into the drivers seat and reconsider there thougths of launchign this product in 2013 ,well if there was a time machine taking us back in 2007 this product would have been definitely hit then.
If u are luking for best budget calling tablet with brand name then definitely go for it...After reading many articles and seeing video of this product i think this is best for entertainment..... Its Pros 1) Dolby digital plus dual speaker that is placed on front to enjoy it. 2) IPS display with Gud resolution. 3) GPS supported. 4) gud touch response. 5) wifi,bluetooth connectivity option. 6) Dual core processor. Its Cons 1) No 3g conncetivity option. 2) No primary camera. But over all its best for its price range and becomes a tough competiton for budget calling tablet market....
