Acer Gateway NE56R Laptop (2nd Gen PDCx 2GBx 500GBx Linux) (NXxY1USIx010)@@@Excellent delivery, they are very good, received on expected date, item quality is good, i am satisfied with them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A good product but not good service after buying. Faced a lot of OS related issues from the beginning. Now there are a lot of dead pixels cluttered over the screen but the service center people aren't ready to take in! :(
I have been using this laptop on and off for a few months now. My primary machine is a desktop and I usually carry an iPad when I am doing a short travel. However, when I need to get some work done at a remote location or I have to give a presentation, this laptop is what I use. Right off the bat I should tell you that the laptop is slow and heavy. And I definitely don't like the layout of the keys. So if you are a power user and you use a laptop for work several hours a day, get a machine in the 50K-60K range. It will serve you much better. Everything else is great. I installed Windows 7 (given to by my organization) and Maegia Linux 4 and both work flawlessly. I have no problems running heavy programs like Gimp or Eclipse or even lots and lots of tabs inside FireFox. It is just slow and so switching tabs etc. sometimes takes time. Old Windows games run well. Battery lasts 3 hours on most occasions which is enough for my purposes in most cases. Movie playback is good. HDMI output has been useful on occasion to connect to a TV. All in all, for the price, this has been a good buy.
What else you can get in 20k. I was looking for something similar for gifting my cousin who can just do coding and minimal stuff, but its a really good deal with such a configuration
I purchased last year. It is working well. Battery is good. It supports continues for 4 hours. Timely delivery by Flip kart service. nice product.
The product is good, received in perfect condition. dealing with flipkart online is better than anyother online websites.I love to buy from flipkart, Best regards, Thanks
We have received the Laptop in fully packed condition. But the computer has following defects: 1. Linux installed is not opening at all. 2. DVD drive is very noisy and the laptop vibrates so much that it can't be used. Kindly refund send us a replacement or refund our payment imdtly. We bought thro Flipkart only because we shall save on time and efforts. Your imdt response will be appreciated.
I had bought this machine. within 1 month the motherboard gone dead. took more than 10 days to fix it. just was relieved and now the battery went dead. I will never reccomend this gateway model to anyone.
i am using it since 1 year, haven't faced even a single problem. speed is also good. it doesn't get heated easily which is coolest thing i experienced. many times i use it continuously for 2 days but it never got slowdown of performance degradation till the day. and price is also very less.
Its really a very good product from the study and project point of view as it can take care of all one's need in very simple, stylish and unique way....Its really charming and under purchasing control of user.....really nice!!!!
This is the first product which i ordered through flipkart. Actually i want to order it for my younger brother who lives in UP, but i don't know why these persons are not delivering the product in UP. then i ordered it on my friend's address (Badarpur Delhi). My brother faced many problems when he cam to Delhi to take the product.Please enhance your service in UP as well.
this is a wonderful product at this price. nice finish and good sleek body. configuration is good and has a better battery life. extended waraanty makes is more better. the only disadvantage is the OS supplied with this is a very different verson of linus which i find i cant start. so needed to install other OS immediately. it would have been better if the OS would have been ubantu which is also a free OS.
Thanks to flipkart for delivering me this product in just 10 days. rating: 2/10 U will never regret this product. I hope if we get genuine windows that would be much better. ram and hdd are quick responsive. System never lag. U can play Some HD games & Videos. Rating : 8/10
It's been six months that I am using this laptop. Ordered it from flipkart and till this day it has amused me in every way possible. It looks great, 15 inch screen size, 500gb hd, a good battery life (~4-5 hrs) and all of this in 20k (without OS). But recently it's battery started draining faster than it used to be. I use my laptop for like 12+ hrs a day. So just a word of caution, if you want a laptop for a prolonged usage per day think about this option again. But like I said its one of the best in terms of ROI.
I'm using gateway first time. It's really cool in design. wide screen and best configuration in this price range. while still, i have not used its HD webcam. I hope that will be also better.
Awesome Lap..... Battery Backup really super Works with 4hrs... Display Screen is So Nice......... i bought this lap Rs.20800/- Really Feeling Great.... Thank u Flipkart.... But only small problem Is this Acer means not mention this Lap. Just Display Gateway... Otherwise Really Superrrrrrb.. i like this.............
Initially the laptop i recieved had a faulty hard drive. got replacement in a weeks time. linpus linux very very confusing unless u know the commands very well. So i installed windows, but then wifi wasn't getting detected with the driver provided with the laptop so had to install wifi driver compatible with the version of windows i had installed, available at gateway website. looks of d latop are good,keyboard satisfactory, din't like the sound tho but its ok for this price i should say. Hope it works well, as of now it is ok, just day one.
Loved this product. I purchased this for my father as a gift on Diwali. I knew he will like simple yet good looking piece. And this is the one. AWESOME! Must buy.
Hi, I received this laptop 2 days ago. Laptop is fast and smooth. I am not much game savvy, but whatever games I installed runs without any lag. It does not get warm too much. Battery backup is also good. You will use it without worrying of battery discharge. Keyboard is a little crampy and not usual. Placing of keyboard buttons are not very usual. So you need to get used to. "I strongly miss the keyboard light". It does not have it. It will be difficult to type in the dim light. Laptop finishing is good. You will like it. -Shashi
I was looking for a notebook. But finally decided to buy this laptop. I'm using this product since March 2013 and it's working perfectly fine. I brought it for Rs.20800 and find it a good Value for money. I wanted this laptop mainly for surfing the net. but now i use photoshop play games watch movies and music.... and it never slows down. I have installed Windows7 on it and McAfee. IT has a good Display and a good battery life. 3 - 4 hrs when fully charged. The only thing is it is Branded as Gateway and does not have Acer Branding anywhere. It doesn't matter to me as long it performs good. Can't Ask for more @ this price. Super Cool Product!!
A good laptop from Acer, though I found it difficult to use Linux, so I had to install XP on it....so the Linux OS with this Laptop and Price range is not satisfactory.....I mean the price is not justified.
this is avarage product .but cheaf and good price ,,,now i also useing this product now still nothing to happen .all are good but u dont see in acer logo.it's on Gateway company with partner in Acer company.all processer and configure is good.my rateing in 4 .but some increment in key fature....some time key is busy for heavy load. now i still use in 10month it dont defect .and i use a every day any time useing in my programming .its good.
I want a laptop for watching videos and also for my work...i was searching for that and i found this one. So i purchased it. It is also in budget.
First of all their is no 2yrs ACER warranty(as mentioned on website), I have checked online and even on the warranty card within, secondly the Placement of Keys on Keyboard is also a little weird. Other than this Looks , Performance , Battery everything is awesome for the price.
This is very good laptop for those who want to do just casual or you may say flash gaming. This is a good laptop for Web Browsing or Light to medium Auto CAD Photo shop. The only fault because of which, I reduced one star was that, The Linpus Linux Operating System comes installed with it which is not usable by an old 95' user too. It's just a debugger or you may say, just a Windows Command Prompt like Program. I replaced it with Ubuntu 12.04 LTS. The laptop is running fast and fluid. But as some of my works were not compatible with Linux, I switched to Windows 8 Pro. And now, What to Say !!! It's very fast and the booting up, because of the Windows is also very fast.
1. You need to think before u buy, i had suffered a lot.... 2. It hangs frequently 3. No Bluetooth
1. Value for money 2. 2GB RAM sufficient for home use 3. Lil bit of while multitasking 4. Keyboard quality is not good 5. Numberic keypad is a plus point 6. Function keys cant be used directly (it can be used only with Fn key) 7. Nice set up of keyboard for Pg Up, Pg dn, Arrow keys etc. (different from other laptops) A plus point for acer gateway 8. Prompt delivery by flipkart. (only one working day) 9. Screen is good but not best (and sorry, coz you cant expect evverything in 21000 Rs.. 10. Pentium dual core 2.2 Ghz is sufficient for my tasks for videos, music, surfing and office work (word, excel, outlook, chrome, etc)
I already have a powerful Desktop & Laptop, so bought this one for day to day work like emailing, bit of spreadsheet work etc. Intel Pentium 2nd Gen Dual Core with 2GB of ram, ah lets upgrade it to another 4gb to give it a bit of pump. But I never thought of this, a warranty seal on the bay screw hole, that mean if you dare to tamper the seal your warranty will be void. So, if you want to upgrade the ram you need to call the Acer Service No 1-800-11-6677 and tell them to generate a call id for ram upgrade or a repair. Then note down the generated no and take the laptop and ram to your nearest service center and tell them that you want to upgrade the ram. Then they will ask you the call id, provide them and they will install the ram and also they will cover that ram under warranty. Except that its a great choice at a price of 21K, you can't get better than this. I take one star off for that trouble of ram up-gradation.
Need to reduce the price of the product like 4 months before. I saw this product as a rate of 20299 in snapdeal website. so compare to snapdeal, flipkart has 5% high rate. also product should specifications differed from the snapdeal. correct specifications is needed to buy this product
Want to purchase the product but not able to do so, and the funny reason is the logistics partner can't deliver it to the postal address i have shared. Its not that I had shared some remotely located address, I had provided the pincodes of two major cities in Kerala (Kochi and Thrissur) and yet they can't deliver it over there. Its really a shame.. They can't ship a product to kerala cities like Kochi and Thrissur. What kind of logistics partner are they? They don't deserve to be called as logistics company if they can't deliver the products to any city in India.. too bad.. Flipkart you are loosing your business because of them...
Really worth for your money. The delivery of the product and the function of the product. Speed is excellent and I could easily multitask in this laptop. Great deals guys.. if your looking in budget better go for this.
This laptop has all necessary configurations which are required for home usage. My requirements were net browsing, music, movies, maintaining docs, xls, video conferencing. Gateway serves all these requirement with ease that too with the cheapest price. I wanted to install only linux on my machine as i did not want to spend on buying genuine windows which may go down to end of support in next 2-3 years & which would force me to buy newer windows again along with several antivirus softwares. Though the linpus is the in built OS in this laptop, it will not have any GUI component. I installed latest version ubuntu without any issues. Only thing is customer support does not support Linux for this model. That means if you call customer support they'll not answer your queries related to OS. If you know how to work with linux(installing/upgrading softwares) then this may not be a problem at all. I have not played any heavy games with this yet, will update the review after sometime. Overall it is value for money product. Really liked the laptop.
Heads off to flip kart for quick delivery within 20 hrs of order. very fast delivery. But product comes with faulty hard disk as media type fail error showing and even in setup no hard disk is showing. when try to install windows 7 no hard disk showing. So it is really upset for a user when purchase a new laptop with faulty hard disk. and wait for replacement or change of hard disk or any solution. i have lodge a complain with flip kart but do not know how much time it will take to resolve . Really pathetic as untested product supplied by ws retail. Edited on 07/10/2013.. Well done. I got replacement in 4 days of complain. 2 star for quick delivery only.
this is really the best budget laptop. for many days i was searching for a second hand laptop with 3-4 years old for rs.15 to 16k.. with just additional 5k i got a branded new with 2 years warranty. i recommend this. with the latest configration.. and flipkart service as well is the best.. this is the 1st time i make purchase with flipkart and i am satisfied 100%. i was a system admin, so i had no trouble in installing the operating system or getting started initially. i switched on the system, booted with win7 by making dvd as primary booting, and installed win7 and then after login i formatted the c drive in which linux was installed. so, on the day one i started working. its really most recommended for the best and the least price.
first about the flipkart. 1. 10/10 for flipkart 2. 10/10 for customer satisfaction 3. 10/10 for the good behavior of the call center executives 4. 10/10 for packing 5. 10/10 for prompt delivery 6. 10/10 for every thing secondly about the material (where the problem about the manufacturing defect is not responsible by flipcart: 1. on opening the box it looks good 2. 8 hrs i have pluged in for battery charging and after 8 hours shocked and surprised that nothing has been charged. as soon as the plug out immediately the computer has switched off. that mean the useless battery of the useless acer company has not been charged at all. 3. the next issue is, after pressing the power on button it showed as "booting error, booting error" it continuously said only that and nothing useful information from useless acer company computer 4. from that screen it has not gone further where i got complete vex 5. kindly dont purchase this laptop where even i tried the useless acer customer care also and the useless people was not able to answer and fix my issue. they simply cut my phone call 6. one of the worst company means it is acer finally i have requested flipcart for the past 8 days and today 29/9/2013 at 2.30pm they hae taken back the laptop.
Cannot expect more at this price, as this is worth the price for the features and configuration. Good for daily and basic use. Of course, not for gaming but you can go for it. About delivery? Its done in roughly 3 days.
Flipkart has nice delivery service I received my order in just 3 days from date of registration. Now about the laptop, Laptop is very good and efficient in working. Windows 8 works perfectly without any fault or slow working. Some of the light softwares works perfectly & medium sized games also works perfectly. This device is value for money..!!
Bought the product and found the usb port was not working so called both flipkart and acer.In the morning the acer guy came and opened the laptop and found that the usb wire was loose.Well that was acer own mistake and not by flipkart.Installed windows 8 today and found so far to be pleasant. working on office and other non essential stuff are my requirements.If you ever buy a laptop and find problems,flipkart is not responsible for any faults in the product,unless tampered during delivery,it is the manufacture whose product you buy has problem and locality where customer service is easily available is crucial.For me the guy was about 2 km from my house so swift remedy.As per warranty sticker he mentioned that only acer parts have warranty and they do not provide warrant for 3rd party RAM or conflict. To summarize buy a product where you have customer service in close proximity.
I Bought this laptop 3 days back outside,not from flipkart,though the price in flipkart is cheaper. First coming to the laptop one by one : 1] It's looks are really good,stylish and the silver thing on the top of it makes this look much prettier. 2] It is bit heavier than the normal laptops which i don't find so good (makes me tough to carry around) 3] Having 2 GB ram, my laptop is very fast even after i filled it with 100 GB of games, movies etc. 4] Does not have inbuilt Bluetooth but my external Bluetooth device worked just fine :-) 5] It has 3 USB slots, a memory card reader and a cd drive. even if you fill all these the laptop speed doesn't change a bit. 6] The volume keys and the one more different key at the end does not work in my laptop for VLC media player or any other players. Dunno whether it is the same for other users too. 7] The charger gets heated up quickly.But the laptop does not. IT HAS LOW BATTERY BACKUP LIFE ( 3 hours ) 8] Comes with in built microphone which i found very useful for skype,g-talf etc. 9] AHhhh yes! THE MAIN THING i did not like is- it does not have any light indicator for caps lock, num lock etc. 10] I saw many reviews saying keys in keyboard fall off. i did not find it so though i am a gamer. 11] Has nice 1.3 megapixel webcam and very funny software for viewing it :-D Well I have the facts true. Now its up to you to think and decide it.
great laptop best configuration but keyboard is worst two days after buying buttons are removing one by one from keypad worst keypad ever i seen
Being spoiled for choices, my search for a budget laptop was a very tedious one. I finally decided to get the Acer Gateway laptop from Flipkart for INR 20894/- The laptop arrived on the third day after I booked it on Flipkart in excellent condition. The speed and quality of goods shipped by Flipkart is unlike any other. As any normal person would (and should) do, I promptly checked whether the specs mentioned on the website matched the laptop delivered to me. This laptop comes with a linux OS which is a bit tricky to use for those who have had no prior experience with Linux. I booted the laptop and the first thing I did was to format it and install a Win 7. A good thing that this laptop contained the driver disk and thus saved me the trouble of hunting for its drivers online. The install was a smooth one and the machine sprang to life. Though this laptop has a Pentium Dual core processor (B960) and a 2GB DDR3 RAM (which can be upgraded ofcourse), it is still pretty fast and optimal for daily use at home. Since I have bought this laptop for normal use - watching movies, browsing, basic documentations, I have found it to be a really wise decision. With a 15.6 inch screen, 500GB HDD, a full keyboard with numeric keypad and a battery backup of about 3.5 to 4 hrs (this is the real battery life that I get. How I wish I got the 5hr backup mentioned on the website!) I am truly enjoying this machine. Almost forgot to mention this, but I got a free Acer backpack too(the Flipkart website doesn't mention it either). A bit of a let down was the with sound department - the max volume doesn't sound as high as you would like it to and its hard to enjoy a good movie with such sound quality. You may need to connect speakers for that purpose. Also, it isn't as rugged as you would expect it to be and I am not very sure that it can used by people who travel frequently.But then this is the best option from among what is present in the market for the given price range. Summing up, this is one of the best new budget laptops that you could have bought at this price. Hey, you can even gift this to someone you care.
Just out of words, BEST BUDGET LAPTOP ONE CAN GET, If someone don't know linux, just don't worry, Install WINDOWS XP OR 7, IT works fine, 100% recommended, Most helpfull is the WIRELESS MOUSE that I got or the buyer will get for FREE. A DECENT CARRY BAG IS ALSO FREE
Hi All, I bought this laptop 6months ago and saw worst performance. Please don't buy this. Flipkart service is awesome. Got hardware failure problem and Unix not loaded properly. Looking for new laptop buy fujitsu.
good laptop this prise to acer gateway flapakart sarves is varey varey good acer care is vareybad sarves next parches flakert 100% flapakart varevaregood acer campaney is good per not propeley caster car and notgood handel to workshop 2yer worante problem iapeter sarves isnotgood
unbelievable delivery time! I booked on Saturday noon and Sunday noon I got delivery. Very well packed and prompt delivery. About Product: Value for money. As expected and mentioned in the description good product. But user will struggle to change OS! Because you cannot expect everyone to know Linux. If seller would have added a simple sheet with minimum set of instructions with basic commands then it would have been better. Anyways I could get my Windows7 running by an hour as I know Linux :) Cons: - No Blue Tooth - No USB3 - file transfer on usb lagging :(
Dear Friends, I went through a few of the reviews and came across a common issue relating to the OS corruption or system not booting specially in case of Windows XP. Just to clarify a few points: 1. This machine is based on 64 bit architecture. Try installing a 64 bit version of Windows XP or better off Windows 7 64 bit (works like a charm without need of installing much of the drivers stuff). 2. Make sure you partition the hard disk properly using Disk Partitioning Software prior to software installation. While performing install on any Windows Based OS you will have this option inbuilt. 3. Don't be disheartened if this baby doesn't have pre-installed Bluetooth module, you can buy and use any Bluetooth dongle available at throw away prices in the market. Problem Solved!!! 4. For those who love Ubuntu or other Linux Distribution (I love Linux), there might be an issue with the Audio Driver for Red Hat Distro...tried Ubuntu, Fedora, Gentoo, Debain on this machine and works smooth. Another word for all the users. Buy Original Be Original. Don't use pirated copy of the Windows Installations, instead use Ubuntu, its super easy to use, super smooth, and hey...Free of Cost!!! Hope this review helped you guys. Take Care and Enjoy!!!
As always excellent service from Flipkart, got product within 24 Hrs, very nicely packaged and in excellent condition. No doubt it's a good product, if you are planning for a budget laptop go for this. Performance,Display,Looks,Keyboard are Good. Only visible missing feature is Bluetooth otherwise it's good package. Also got Acer backpack of very good quality when I was buying. Well I feel I got much more than what I expected @ this price :)
Really amazing delivery in 2 days and good packing. Laptop: Nice look. Not supporting windows xp.. worth to buy this minimum budget.. Acer Laptop Bag : good Laptop bag and having comfortable compartments with kushan pad.
Flip kart delivered laptop within two days , that was great. thanks for delivery team. about laptop , its a shiny one, looks good. but the operating system was linex, but i have changed it to windows 7 and now its working fine.having good picture and video clarity and performance also looks good for personal use. key board can be little more better even @21k this is a good one. some one can please help me to get one year additional warranty for acer laptop?please let me know how to get it.
The lappy is extremely cheap the processor is also a good one the only problem is linux which is of no use I didnt even opened linux and booted win 8 in my laptop the first timed i opened it all things work great i dont know why is the kenningston lock port really for they do not give any accessory for the lock port
Got the delivery the next day of placing order, as usual amazing service by flipkart. Laptop has a good build and finishing. The only thing that you may find a bit embarrassing is quality of keyboard, although it has good matrix arranged keys but I think this design can be improved further, as the keys may be bend as you type over longer usage durations. Nevertheless it is a great product for daily normal usage at a great budget price.
The laptop is very good in case of handling load, mainly i use it for my coding and testing purpose. As a server(linux base) it handles load very well. display clarity is very good, web cam is just fine and keyboard n optical drive is best. Sorry, no idea about gaming mode performance. worth for money spent. And main thing is, Flipkart service, they delivered before 2 days due my request(I gifted it to my sis on her b'day). Thank you sooooooo much Flipkart.
It will struck many times, not much fast. So please dont buy this laptop. Acer products are not good always, I will not recommend Acer anymore! Samsung is the best laptop and best backup battery hours and fast!
FlipCart: Got the product delivered in less than 24 hours!!! Thats fantastic service! GateWay Laptop: This is one of the best possible option today if you are planning your first laptop. It has all that which you would expect from a laptop. Trust me; purchase it without any delay and this laptop will never let you down. Thank you FlipKart for this amazing shopping experience.
Flipkart Service Firstly I would like to thank Flipkart for its prompt delivery, My expected date of delivery was on 13th-May, However got the product on 10th-May itself Amazing service by Flipkart.com. Packing I would just say WOW for flipkart's Packing System. Now comes Product I would suggest everyone to go with the product. Well designed by Gateway (ACER). Which comes with Linux OS. However the OS is purely bases on Coding and programming system Which is very difficult to operate. Planning to install Windows 7 OS. High Quality Backpack which comes along with the product. Flipkart.com Way to go guys....:-)
Brought this lappy from nearby Store. Excellent laptop at this price range. Come on you are pouring your 20k, you can't get an ultrabook at this price. I 'm very happy over my device. Probably will change after 18 months
I bought this laptop 4 months back and i work on this for over 12 hours a day , it works absolutely fine, speed is good plays game like w3c or pro soccer 2013 however recently the MIC jack of laptop went bust i am not able to call to friends abroad and ever since i am tryin to get this fixed but the Acer customer care service is so poor that there is no reply of my sms , customer care keeps hanging up the phone , i think now i have get it fixed on my personal money.
All the Things are good but only few, things which are disturbing 1. No name Name of ACER on entire computer only gateway is mentioned. lot of people on seeing the laptop asking which company is this is this a china product. ( embarassing) 2. Going to technical caps lock is not mentioned or indicated, while going with internet transactions, we need to chk in ms word whether it is in caps lock or not then do it. I will Give 3.5 rating
Firstly talk about the flipkart service- Flipkart service is outsanding. I had ordered the product on 3 April 2013 and get on 6 April 2013. Let us start the product- Acer gateway NE56R is the combined product of Acer & Gateway. Gateway is the company which was acquired by Acer in 2007. But the product is very good in this price. The sound quality is far better than any other product of acer. Processor is also good for Windows 7. Windows 7 is running like butter. Hd graphics is also good for movies and games. Camera is also good but we have to set the features. Overall this product is very good for all users, because that types of quality of sound, processor, Hd graphics HDMI port, 1.3 hd web cam and 500 GB HDD does not provide any brand in such a great price.
this is a best laptop . it is a value for money Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product. Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product.Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product.Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product.
I paid for one on 2nd April and Flip-kart delivered it on 4th April-13. Thanks to Flip-kart. Packing was good, delivery was also within time. But one question in running on my mind, is this really a Acer product? Because nowhere in the laptop, Acer brand tag is there, everywhere only one brand name is written, "Gateway" and I really don't know if it is a unknown brand from Malaysia named GATEWAY.(Even warranty void seal over the screw's are also GATEWAY!!!).... But I am happy to the performance of the laptop. Build quality is good, keyboard is also satisfactory.
Can anyone tell me if this laptop works good with ubuntu .? Or is it overheating with ubuntu ? I had Acer Aspire 5542G which overheats like a hell with ubuntu . I want to take this product if it works good with ubuntu without any overheating issues.
Audio 3/5 Video 4/5 Keyboard 2/5 Value for the money 4/5 Battery 3.5/5 Proc: Display looks very good, Battery is coming upto 4 hours, installed windows 7 and runs butter smooth. No lagging in any screen, All drivers installed perfectly. Basically best deal in hardware for basic usage. Cons: Keyboard look cheap, no no, let me correct, cheeper :(. Still i give 4/5 for the laptop just because of value for the money.
Great value for money Overall good laptop. Battery Back up is too good and nice Camera clarity. For Budget you can go for this laptop. Only Drawback is no Bluetooth. I would say this is the best product for this range 4 words i am little not happy with Delivery of laptop from Flipkart and the packing is really awesome. video quality is better due 128 mb graphic card from similar price range laptops windows7 runs quite well The product is a great value for money deal
I was very happy with Flipkart service . In two days it is delivered with fine packing. This laptop was very cool looking and its performance is good. Only drawback is there is no pre installed Bluetooth device. Rest it was best to buy within the budget.
Overall good laptop. Service also good from acer support and Onsite warranty. Battery Back up is too good and nice Camera clarity. For Budget you can go for this laptop. Only Drawback is no Bluetooth.
I bought this laptop few days back. Delivered on time and packing was excellent and quality of back pack is good. . I removed Linux and installed Windows 7, its running smoothly. Good value for money. But never except any acer logos on the lap ( its a gateway product - subsidiary of acer )
"Hi All, This is my first acer laptop and here is my opinion abt the laptop. I bought this laptop mainly to do my app support on win xp(win xp will not work with this laptop.)The pre installed linpus linux is a lite version of linpus linux(only text commands ll wortk.no GUI).so i downloaded linux 12.04 from net and when i try to install through pen drive,it doesnt work(pen drive installation is not supported).so i found a dvd writer and burnt the installation iso. Installation is also very bad(since this machine is built to support windows 7&8)it took 4 hours to figure out wrong things in installation and sort out.after 2 days of working with linux i got frustrated(most app wont work with linux).then finally i downlaoded win 8 trial version and installed.win 8 is bit slow but no errors
This product has all the good things Speed Excellent Has all necessary ports such as HDMI The webcam is excellent Windows 8 is running very smoothly The bagpack is very cool The looks are the best Touch pad and keyboard are all very good and big keys The resolution is excellent HD I would say this is the best product for this range 4 words - Just go for it
I never regretted after buying this laptop. This is a awesome value for money. It comes with Linpus, a Linux based OS.Windows 8 & 7 works great with this system, although I prefer Ubuntu. The Keyboard is average, as expected at this price point. BAttery easily last 4-5 on average usage. Great viewing Angles of the LED Display. Speakers sound a bit low, investing external speakers would be a good idea.
I bought this laptop last week. Reg Flipkart service - Should I say ? Its fantastic...on time.....great packing...absolute pleasure to use Flipkart. Reg the product - Its quite good as well. I removed Linux and installed Windows 7, its fantastic. Good value for money. Keyboard is pretty bad, otherwise everything else is great.
Hello, Recently I have purchased this lappie from flipkart, within span of one day it get delivered at my place. Flipkart has got superb logistic department, no doubt about it. As far as the lappie concern, its the master piece at entry level. It also comes with 2 year warranty on it, later you can add it as per your requirement. Good about this lappie super battery life say about 3 hours, numpad keyboard, good webcam, very sturdy in performance (I used it for 13 hours in a day), keyboard keys are big to have easy typing experience, and touchpad is very responsive. Something I don't like about this lappie is the glossy finish it attracts dust & fingerprint like a magnet. overall its good value for money. Regards Kedar Wadke.
First things, this is one of the very few laptops that includes a HD webcam and a dedicated 128MB graphics. Win7 with all aero effects enabled runs very smooth, no glitch whatsoever. Tried running a 1080p full hd vid, runs smoothly. The webcam is great , tried with all messengers. And yes there is a big diffidence in chat video quality between a normal 0.3 MP webcam and HD webcam. This laptop also runs light games like the older need for speeds games with ease. overall all a good decent laptop for daily use not for heavy graphics (though manages with decent graphics)just go for it @ 20K The linux is installed was not able to install the Win7 OS, Then tried with Xp and formatted the laptop and then installed the Win7 it,s working fine now.... This the Best laptop
Acer Gateway NE56R is a very good value for money laptop. It has got a Intel B960 processor which is good for doing office work and casual gaming. The B960 processor is comparable to the 2nd generation i3 processor. The laptop generates less heat as the power requirements of the processor is low and comparable to other i3 and i5 processors. The laptop looks good and the price makes you feel good. The display is good. The sound is a bit low. The build quality is good for a 20k laptop. It has a 6-cell battery which can power the laptop for 3-3.5 hours. The keyboard has a numpad. It will take you some time to get adjusted to this keyboard. It offers 2gb ram however it can be expanded to 8gb in case you want to enhance the performance of the laptop. The webcamera is good. It has a 500gb hard disk which is awesome at this price range. Thus in a nutshell (as i feel) if you are low on cash this laptop is a very good option for you but if you have money to spare i.e. above 25k then there are other better options available in the market.
hi....... i am zia siddiqui i am used this laptop its my 1st laptop ...............its really good laptop in this laptop everything is fine . ager 20800 mai laptop lena hai to ye bhot acha option hai thanxxxxxx
From My Experience, pros: (1)all its specifications. (2)good service support. (3)light weight (4)low price Cons: (1)Keyboard gets defective in very few few days from your date of purchase (2) No Bluetooth My suggestion: Better go for another laptop. we have many other choices in this price range. don't waste your valuable money by buying this laptop.
I am happy with the Acer Gateway NE56R Laptop which I bought it for my office last week.A good buy for 20K. I have a Gateway Note Book which I bought it in the USA and my wife has an Acer Note Book both we are using for the past 3 years without any problem. I have placed an order for another NE56R for my home use today. Delivery from Flipkart is real quick and the packing is really awesome.
The laptop is a true VFM. Arrived in excellent condition from Flipkart. Acer bag is very nice. The performance is too good. The sound is bit low, else the product is excellent no issues what so ever. For people who are complaining about bad hardware while installing XP, you have to go into the BIOS and change the HD type to IDE to install XP on this Laptop. AHCI is selected by default which is used for Win 7 and 8.
This lappy is amazing and looks stylish.The only thing is that the space bar seems to be less sensitive and needs to be pressed properly while typing to get a space.I will get it checked from nearby ACER service centre. FLIPKART service kicks ass from here to the gates of heaven.Delivered in 2 days and fully loaded and packed. For Gamers !!!! I have been using this lappy for 9 months now and have used it extensively for music recording as I am a guitarist and for Gaming.... This is definitely and awesome lappy.I have played and completed the below mentioned games without any lag or error or low performance at all :- Crysis 3 FEAR 3 Mass Effect 3 Red Faction Armageddon BioShock 2 and Infinite Dishonoured All STALKER episodes HL2 and Portal 2 Prototype 2 Call Of Duty BLACK OPS and currently playing Resident Evil 6 ALL OF THESE GAMES MENTIONED ABOVE RUN SMOOTHLY WITH ALL GAMES IN MEDIUM SETTINGS.SOME OF THESE WILL RUN SLOW IF HIGH GRAPHIC DETAIL IS SELECTED OTHER THAN THAT I HAVE BEEN PLAYING ALMOST EVERY GAME THAT HAS BEEN OUT RECENTLY
i recently purchased the acer laptop,i am very thnxful to flipkart for delivering in 4days.i installed Windows 8 its working very gud n am really satisfied with it.After using 10 months my lappy is getting overheated.It is switching off automatically.plz flipkart service team suggest the solution for this.
@ Rs.20200/-, This Laptop is the best entry level one with good fit , finish and perfomance.( Windows experience index score - Graphics 4.4 & Gaming graphics 5.8 ! ). with 128MB of dedicated graphics memory , Plays 1080p full HD movies with ease and has HDMI output . It has stunning looks with no ACER logo ( has Laser Engraved "Gateway" logo ) and is slimmer. The 2 GB RAM is enough for most of the day to day use and I do not intend to add more. The sound level is a little bit low , weight is little bit more , no bluetooth and USB 3.0. The flipkart service was also excellent
can i get this lappy on installments................................. and....................................................... which graphic card it possess....... can I install window on this lappy......................................................... is it dual core intel processor............???
Hi, please answer the following questions... 1. is this laptop supports 1080p video playback? 2. Please give me details how to extend one more year additional warranty for this product? 3. whether both windows 7 and linux can be installed and can be used as switching?
first of all hats off to flipkart barely took 1 and half day for delivery with nice packing.. laptop looks cool and is the best what you can get for this price but buttons are bit overlapping installed a windows 7 and its working smoothly
namaskar, i put that review after one week use of product first of all iwould like to tell about myself that i am not the master of computer sofware yet i know little bit about hardware i bought that machine only for saving time to go to net cafe for casual work machine did fine job so far video quality is better due 128 mb graphic card from similar price range laptops windows7 runs quite well
This is my first experience of online electronics shopping and all my doubts about quality are now put to rest by flipkart. The product is a great value for money deal. The configuration is by far the best available in this price. Also the additional warranty proved to a good decision point. The packaging was good and product registration on acer website is also a good experience. Overall very happy with the services provided by flipkart and the product provided by acer
Though some of the features of this model is good. The limitation are: 1. This product does not have Bluetooth. 2. It does not have USB 3.0 port. 3. If you need to upgrade RAM you need to go with ACER thru Acer Support Center and you are covered with warranty for that RAM as well. 4. Acer does not have warranty extension for this model beyond the first two years.
Pros: Glossy surface 500 HDD awesome performance can play NFS old games smoothly( carbon,mw,ug) Cons: No bluetooth Fingerprint magnet no proper guide how to register 1 year additional warranty in Acer website ( tired writing e-mail to acer as well as flipkart) till date i dint get the additional warranty.. :(
Good Laptop given the price..I'm very satisfied..The only bad feature is that the keyboard is very congested..kind of desktop keyboard fitted to a laptop..performance is good..Linux is not probably loading..Thanks
Firstly, Flipkart is great, - very fast service,easy website, good persons, VERY MUCH BETTER THAN HOME SOAP 18 ! I wonder how they made such a fast delivery to such a distant address. good guys ... gr8 guys.. Now the product, Acer is a great company and Gateway is a good company in USA too..! just search google for more.... more over..why will acer put their reputation at risk?? in India ?? If you like to see the acer logo on the product..choose acer aspire 5733z otherwise if you count each penny...and trust on acer then choose gateway..!! Gateway is great product... GO FOR IT.. !! if you use ur laptop for net, songs,etc, then buy this model..or want to play heavy games..or do some autocadd or..photosoap then go for ci3 or i5..!
Hi, Pros - 1.Sleek. 2.Good finishing 3.Good configuration for the price. 4. Good processor.( Played hard graphics game NFS MW) 5. Good Battery backup. 6. Fast Charging. 7. Enough HDD space. 8. Smooth functioning. Cons- 1.Keyboard is rather uneasy and feels fragile. 2.Touch-pad scroll is not working.(perhaps it is problem with my lap) 3.No Bluetooth 4. Finger print magnet. 5.Support is bad both from Acer & Gateway. Still cant register for the additional warranty. No help from the company.
An excellent laptop from Acer-Gateway. Works well. Stunned by seeing this laptop's performance. 1. Sleek, slim and light weighted laptop. 2. Great design. 3. Good keyboard. 4. Works great, can handle all type of tasks easily without any lag. 5. Pentium B960 processor works superb with clock speed of 2.30GHz. 6. It is equal to Core i3 processor. 7. Good graphics. Only one negative point, No BLUETOOTH, that we can ignore. Blindly go ahead and buy this laptop.
Its been over a month I bought the laptop. Glad that it did not have an Acer logo and is only branded Gateway. Removed Linpus Linux and installed windows 7 ultimate. It was working perfectly alright with the 2 GB ram. But I upgraded it with a further 4 GB Corsair Ram and now my windows works like Ubuntu does.. Regarding the keyboard, I am having little problem with the spacing of the arrow keys.. And could not get used to it after one month usage.. The laptop design is sleek and neat. For this price and two year warranty, a highly recommended product. after calling Acer customer care twice in the period, I guarantee it does not have the standard of the Dell customer services which I have been accustomed to in the last four years...
I order this item and got within few days. Flipkart service is really great. It was night 8:00pm I got this in hand. Item package is good. Pack as a gift is useless, I lost my money! The laptop came with pre-installed Linux. Finishing and looking is really great. Graphic is more than enough. But the battery is not 5hrs(with Windows 8 enterprise 32bit), it only run 3hrs. hmmm....!! The USB ports are too closed that I can't plug Pendrive and MBlaze together! oh! almost forget.... the keys are reverse... FN keys.. numeric keys....etc... You need to go to BIOS and change the setting, thats how I did and use like normal laptop! Over all... I say it is good laptop in this range of price.
I bought it on oct 13, And am writing this after 2 months of use. I ordered this with a transcend 2gb ram as 4 gb is min. requirement for 64 bit and didnt wanted to waste money on a low line proccy. I unscrewed the lowermost screw only to know that the compartment could not be opened without removing that "void warranty" sticker. So I could have lived with 2 years of warranty and 2gb ram lying around or I could have voided my guarantee... you know what I did. The ram goes inside at an angle of about 60 degree. Took some youtube videos to figure out ;). My wei rating is 5.1. and now I am thinking of replacing the hdd with a hybrid hdd.
"Hi All, This is my first acer laptop and here is my opinion abt the laptop. I bought this laptop mainly to do my app support on win xp(win xp will not work with this laptop.)The pre installed linpus linux is a lite version of linpus linux(only text commands ll wortk.no GUI).so i downloaded linux 12.04 from net and when i try to install through pen drive,it doesnt work(pen drive installation is not supported).so i found a dvd writer and burnt the installation iso. Installation is also very bad(since this machine is built to support windows 7&8)it took 4 hours to figure out wrong things in installation and sort out.after 2 days of working with linux i got frustrated(most app wont work with linux).then finally i downlaoded win 8 trial version and installed.win 8 is bit slow but no errors and al. getting 4.30 hr battery life on 0% brightness.keyboard is bit crowded.sometimes my palm touches keypad and moves the cursor(bad placement of the mouse pad)speakers are not even audible if your environment is bit louder. finally i am not able to register the product in acer(it shows null pointer exception).acer customer care is just but bunch of idiots.even flipkart ppl don know what to do... win xp installation tells as hardware corrupted.USB ports are also slow only.if you insert local dvd,then the drive will start vibrating like anything.also don know how to extend ram(there is a seal saying you void your warranty if you open it)don know how to expand the warranty overall i am disappointed"
It is perfect buy for a person who just want to surf net,watch videos and sound quality is quite descent. Best buy for a student for s/w development purpose especially for this price. Total value for money. Windows 7 runs smoothly. The processing speed is good enough. It serves the need completely. Only drawback is that it does not come with Bluetooth connectivity. Its not meant for gaming though.
Pros: Product is Ecstatic and Good Value for Money. Excellent PDC level Product with Great Features.. Additional Warranty offer is great at this price. Great Value Deal. No issues if you Load Win 8 . Suggest 64 Bit DVD to be used and it will take care of all drivers and install the product. Require formating of existing partitions. Suggest to go for Win 8 Professional offer at Rs 3499 as its an excellent introductory offer. For additional Warranty Promo please log into Acer website and register the product with Serial number immediately once u receive the product. Cons: Heavy Product Compared to other laptops. Keyboard could have been better. Touch Pad is not very good... Flipkart Service: Require More professional approach for Execution of orders in Logistics team. Better Professionalism is expected to be shown by the team>> Packing Is Excellent. Good Job. Delivered on time.
This is an ultimate product which is offering by Acer for an affordable price which no other company is offering with good configuration. The only thing is that it does not come with an Acer logo on it infact it is the product from Acer's Gateway. Don't go for XP or below version OS, it does support and you will definitely get into trouble. Go from Windows 7, it supports. I recommend this excellent product who are looking for a budget laptop.
-Very descent configuration - With the inbuilt OS dint know how to operate , found useless go for windows 7 -Performance is good comparing to my other lenovo laptop -Display I thought is bit dull, after installing custom driver working fine - This laptop with inbuilt Windows 7 would have been awesome -Sound quality is good, big display and stylish design - Advantage is extra one year warranty If you just want laptop for surfing internet, watching movies and some basic software you want install then this is it. Do not spend more money on i3, i5 or i7.
Quality Far Better Than What Toshiba And HP Have To Offer In This Price Segment, I Bought One And Found It Really Worth, Then Ordered Another One For My Junior At Office. Highly Recommend It. Keep Your Windows-7 Or Windows-8 Installation DVD Handy As This Device Has No Pre-Installed OS. Have Fun With Yours As It Arrives, You Are Making A Right Decision.
First things, this is one of the very few laptops that includes a HD webcam and a dedicated 128MB graphics. Win7 with all aero effects enabled runs very smooth, no glitch whatsoever. Tried running a 1080p full hd vid, runs smoothly. The HDMI out works great for mirroring the output to HD TV. The webcam is great , tried with all messengers. And yes there is a big diffidence in chat video quality between a normal 0.3 MP webcam and HD webcam. This laptop also runs light games like the older need for speeds games with ease. The package includes a DVD which has all the drivers for Win7 else the drivers can be found on the gateway website. You might not get the drivers on acer website as the laptop is essentially a gateway laptop. gateway is acquired by acer. So if someone is looking for a laptop for home use for everything except heavy gaming , this is the best option.
I was looking for a cheap laptop with good configuration. The laptop has excellent long life battery which lasts upto 5 hrs. Speed is best in its range. I saw some of the reviews before buying in which few people were not happy with keyboard. But, for meIT HAS THE BEST KEYBOARD IN THE WORLD!!! Yes its true.. I am a computer sway and it is very easy and comfort for me to type anything and longtime typing. I AM VERY MUCH SATISFIED WITH IT. THANKS FOR FLIPKART FOR THIS OFFER.
Windows Experience index: Processor:5.9 Memory:5.7 Graphics:4.4 Gaming graphics:5.8 Primary hard disk:5.9 Only thing you need to bother about this laptop is its keyboard.... its a lil delicate.... but you will get used to it.... On all other aspects its a good one compared to toshibas at this price range... one more thing...no acer branding in laptop... but acer is the manufacturer and service authority for this laptop.... Pros... Battery life... (i am getting 5Hrs 15min on average) plays 1080p videos with no glitch... Stylish one... Cons... lacks 3.0 USB port... and acer branding
Laptop is good...It works fie in Widows 7. Driver software provided along with the machine does not support windows xp. The laptop was despached via "Aramax courier"...the courier support was not good for delivery at 361140 pin code. I need to collect the consignment from their office at jamnagar. product received is satisfactory.
shreya u can install any window in this laptop ...i am using this laptop i think this is the best laptop in this price............i install the window 7 i this laptop this laptop is come with the driver dvd......and the backack oth this laptop is also very good quality
Courier service not good. Packing was too good. Nice looking machi courier service was to bad but flipkart packing is best i am very impressed When i start machine it was a bad experience to me, windows not loding, linux not working i need some help so i call acer cc lets see. when i get in touch with acer help, then i think i can say anything about this product.
dual core(2nd gen)-equal to 3i except hyperthreading) 500GB-rest have 320/- LED Excellent light etc HD cam key board -ok all drivers available in cd(wind 7-no problem) touch very good battery life-5 hrs-rest 3hrs warrenty-2 years -rest 1 year
I just recently purchased this product from flipkart ...im a regular customer for flipkart... flipkart service is amazing and legit! and now about the product its an entry level 15.6" laptop from accer (though it is branded as GATEWAY and not branded as accer any where on the laptop) pros: +good build quality (compared to other models in this price) would suggest to ne one wishing to by a 2nd gen PDC laptop + aesthetic looks +1yr additionL warranty +Backpack supplied is too good ,securely padded +1.3 mp webcam most of the laptops is this range comes with a vga web cam +500 gb hdd (toshiba and asus provides 320 for similaR config models) +comes with a driver disk which relieves you from downloading all drivers from the net. Cons : +jus 2gb ram (do remember to upgrade it with a 4gb available at 950) +No accer branding as mentioned before +keypad could have been much better overall all a good decent laptop for daily use not for heavy graphics (though manages with decent graphics) just go for it @ 20K or you could even try samsung which has same specs and amazing looks for thousand rupees more! i would give it a 5 star since thats all specs i needed which is enough to serve my purpose
The laptop was delivered within 2 days of placing an order. 'Seriously amazed' at the speed of delivery. The laptop came in state-of-the-art packing. Better than the my Dell Xps ordered from Dell.co.in directly. The courier folks were respectfull and very co-operative with my repeated enquiries, so also were the phone-support team. Now the laptop. One shinny glossy piece,I tell you. But a helluva fingerprint magnet. Looks very classy and elegant. The fit and finish of the ports,hubs, hinges, screen and keys were good. Loved the way it looked. Pros: *A total looker. Uber sexy looking. *The best VFM machine. Even the Toshibas dont match its configuration at this price point. Total killer. *Comes with 30days replacement warranty and 1 year extended warranty. Cons: *Fingerprint magnet. Will need regular cleaning. *Keyboard is cramped/crowded. Will need getting used to. Now the personal bit; My system's software is conked. The preinstalled Linux isnt loading. Worse, the booting of Win Xp from CD is crashing mid-way. Haven't seen the homepage even once. New laptop+corrupt hardware=pathetic feeling. Have lodged a complaint with Flipkart. The end result might be a replacement (something I really am hoping not to go through). Will put up a review again. For now I'll hold my recommendatio ns untill my laptop's problem is resolved. Stay tuned! Twitter id: @PrakashSolanki Date of Delivery: 29th October, 2012. Price: Rs20,890/-. Regards!
Nice choice.... We can run java,tomcat and many more apps. Video quality is superb because it has 128 dedicated graphic card. Design is pretty nice..........................................I bought this laptop one month back.
