Asus 1015E-CY041D Netbook (CDCx 2GBx 320GBx DOS)@@@i purchased this product form wr retail it had dos os wanted to change to ubuntu but most hardware drivers are not available,then i installed win 7 still my web cam drivers are not working...i have to get win 8 another 7k extra..good delivery.. product is ok for the money.. pricing is less that is the only advantage...
I purchased this a week before. Flipkart took 4 days to deliver which includes weekend. About the product Pros : Compact, easy to handle, sleek, best supported by win8 Cons : - Becomes too hot at left side (SMPS side), you cant keep it on laps. - Lid opens only upto some angle (120 degree, I think), If you and the notebook sitting on the same level, you feel little uncomfortable and want to push back the lid but you cant. - Touch pad is not comfortable, but manageable. Anyway you have options of connecting USB mouse.
What a waste of money. Will never trade again, Got this for my son's birthday, the product is defective and they're not responding properly either they should replace for a better product or refund the money, and now they re asking me to edit my feedback There;s something called freedom of speech in this country, if you're not satisfied with my review, then your CEO should sell his stuff in China where the freedom of speech is limited.. WILL NEVER TRADE AGAIN
Quite powerful in the netbook category. I was able to work on multiple images on photoshop, which can be resource intensive. However, while watching a movie and the internet on in the background, the video tends to freeze from time to time. Battery life is good. Currently, I am getting about 4 to 4.5 hours with regular usage. The adapter used for charging is small, light and not bulky. The gloss finish is very susceptible to fingerprints and smudges and needs to be cleaned often. The netbook comes only with DOS and I had an extremely hard time installing windows through a pen drive. But once installed I have been having no issues. Wi Fi works fine, though display could be a bit sharper. Heating is low to average, which makes it comfortable for it be used on your lap. I am disappointed that they reduced the price by Rs. 500 after I ordered it :) All in all, I am very happy with my purchase.
Screen is very small then expected and it has to be 1 or 2 inch larger overall as otherwise this product looks unfit for normal use and looks only a display.
Good Product. Very Useful for Normal Use. Battery Life is Good. Compact Design. Touch Pad is not good.
Compact and powerful, its an nice gift for ur sister , if ur looking for a gift for your sis. And draw back is the operating system & DVD drive.
Ordered the asus nb on 3rd march and received two days later. I specifically chose for a light programmable device meant to carry around and for being the current cheapest netbook in flipkart with all the features I require. I'm writing this review from a perspective of a linux user, after installing Debian (wheezy 7.4 netinst, amd64 version) and using it for a couple of days. +++ ? Obviously, having no windows preinstalled brings joy! ? Lightweight as expected. ? Was able to install LUKS encrypted debian wheezy easily. (Encrypt if you keep official or private documents) ? Tested all hardware/ports, and they work (except cardreader). ? Draws at most only 30W of power. ? Battery capacity is really good, which is on par with bigger notebook PCs. Slow charging is because it's designed for low powered PC, I don't care anyway. ? No proprietary drivers were required for any hardware. Happy that the wireless card was not broadcom's. --- ? The cardreader is some creepy hardware, did not get detected by any linux distribution. ? USB3 gave only a slight speedup (about 60MBps instead of the average 40MBps), though I doubt it could be due to OTF encryption. ? The VGA port is close to the power socket, some VGA connectors can be large and we cannot simultaneously plug in both the power and VGA cables. It would have been better if VGA and HDMI ports were closer to each other instead. ? The power socket feels a bit loose, don't know whether it's the case with only my piece or not. ? The touchpad is stupid, the buttons are placed underneath it at the bottom. If we try to press a button, the pointer mostly moves away from the target! ? Image from the camera is reversed, as some others have observed. Can be rectified with software, though. Postscripts: ? Try to get it from WS Retailers, I think they offer the goods for the cheapest price. (lesser than Rs 15200 due to an offer that day) ? It gets hot as mentioned by others (about 60-65 deg C on average load and upto 88 deg C on single core full load), but it provides good insulation so that our hands do not feel uncomfortable. Their manual clearly mentions not to place it atop body, anybody complaining about it RTFM! Just for some benchmarking: ? Compiling linux kernel 3.13.6 for this set of hardware (using localmodconfig option) took about 48 minutes on a single core. ? Building sagemath 6.1.1 from source took 6h48m, also on single core. Since I can easily workaround the negative points, I'll give it a 5 on 5. I'll update if I have more to tell or stumble on something!
Hi I have bought this mini machine last week and i have installed Windows 8.1. First i thought i would not work with windows 8.1, however its performance is really good. Pros: - > Performance ( 7/10 ) - You will agree the performance once you start watching Videos/Internet Browsing / MS office - > Battery Backup ( 8/10 ) - 6 Cell battery which can last up to 6 hours of continuous usage ( Wifi ON / Watching HD Movies ) - > It can play 1080p videos without any lag ( even in youtube ) - > Very handy - > Speaker sound is average - > Clarity is really good ( i have installed all the drives, windows 8.1 doesn't need that though ) - > Instead of buying a Tab you can actually go for this and you will not regret for your decision Cons - > It gets heated up soon ( Get a cooling pad ) - > Can't play games I would recommend this laptop for those who need a machine to watch movies / office work in MS office / Internet. You can't expert the laptop to have all bomb features for 16 K and what ever is there in the laptop is worth this price.
The product was delivepred in excellent condition & packaging. Now to the actual review, 1. The screen resolution is superb. 2. Battery backup is good. 3. Keyboard & touchpad is also quite good in respect to a mini. 4. Addition of 1 USB 3.0 port is an added boon. Quite fit for my daily work. The only con is availability of drivers for versions below Windows 8 (Anyway mine was solved my a local service centre) Value for Money
If you're specifically looking for a netbook and know the pros and cons of one, this is a great buy in its category. Battery backup has been well over 5 hrs. Keyboard is super comfortable to use. Video clarity and touchpad are good, despite the negative reviews I have heard about them. Installed Linux (Elementary OS Luna). The netbook does heat up a little more than usual, so I keep it raised. I have had no major problems with it. Quite happy with the purchase. I wish I had bought this instead of the 10 inch tablet I bought last year.
I bought this for my wife. Was looking for small size, low weight notebook. After done researching, it seems this is the perfect fit. Good: - Small size - Low weight - Powerful (dual-core) enough for most of the routine tasks (office, browsing, online videos including HD movies) Not Good: - Scratch pad is jittery, you need external mouse for better precision - Only 2 GB (non-upgradable) RAM, so not suited for memory hungry applications Ubuntu can be easily installed, all drivers working fine. Overall, It's nice laptop, in small package. Must have for mobility.
Awesome product for this this price. Its just perfect if you know properly what is your computing need. Positive points : - Battery power , last for 3+ hours for me - Low weight and size - USB3 + HDMI ports which many high end laptops doesn't have - Intel processor (though old one) - chiclet keyboard with display off, touch pad lock etc. - 320GB HD Negative points: - Touchpad is not smooth and small - Low processing power - Don't have a good display screen - Web cam takes pictures in reverse direction dont know why, its a known issue with ASUS - Dont work smooth with Windows8, so I am using Windows7/Ubuntu
Received it fine, on time with Flipkart. It's working without any problems till now. And the biggest worry of buying a comp online, was that that it may be old or not that good. BUt all that doesn't go with Flipkart, as they ensure everything is as new as in any physical store. Completely satisfied with buying a laptop with Flipkart
its cool and value for money.. we were worried about performance but it's completely satisfactory................................
i got this laptop from flipkart in 2 days, i installed windows 8 , after using its heating more, we cant to touch on body also that much heating happened in side of the body, we cant to use 1 more hrs continuously any way flipkart delivery is awsome.
I bought this on 19 feb, writing review after 2 days usage. Flipkart service is good as always, product is safely packed. On the product, it is great no complaints only except for capslock key , as there is no led for that , so we dont know whether it is on /off videos- playing 1080p videos perfectly audio- its great battery- for 4-5 hours (but charging takes more time) overall performance is superb with great speed
Great laptop satisfied with flipkart services, don't hesitate go ahead and buy. too much in the price range on time delivery quality product easier interface to find products..................just excellent experience only one con: charger take a lot of time to charge the battery
ASUS wants you to install windows8 but you can ignore :) . I've installed win7, need to download few drivers from internet thats it. It is running fine,battery backup is good. Those who need BIG screen to watch movies can always buy a bigger one, but this one very easy to carry.
I am using this product and it is quite good to buy from flipkart.The delivery service is really good.I appreciate.
really fast and efficient machine, small easy to carry and has good bat life, worth the investment. open OS helps in choose what are your applications.
very good in performance and battery life.. little heat problem if its run for long but its ok not a major issue for reject it.. its worthy
Best buy at this rate. You can do all of your office work in this lappy. The processor is good. I have played NFS most wanted and CS both are running well on this. The screen is small so it will take time for you in getting use to it but later it will not be any problem. The screen resolution is amazing and it is on of the best I have seen. The screen is anti glare so it is also good.
I am using this product from last one month with windows7. Its working fine with all windows 7 supported features and softwares, But it has main problem is its take more than 5 hours to get full charge and after it gives only 3 hours backup. So according to my experience this is not good product due to its battery.
Hence i purchased this product its cool and good, but bad thing is its get heat very fast so am unsatisfied with it :(
It is very good. Gets hot when you use it for long time. Value for money !!! If they add some freebies like carry case or some electronic gadgets then it would become more attractive.
Making with best quality and strong feature with 10.1 screen felling like tablet with keyboard. Buy this with in best price at flipkart
Over all mini lapi is good only there is an issue with OS if the OS can included it would have far more better as there is no CD ROM drive for OS installation which is only one major drawback.
This netbook is excellent at such lowest price. Delivery from WS Retail was fast and prompt. I have done sufficient survey before buying this item as well another few items Karbon S2 mobile and one cordless phone also before this buy through several online stores and I feel that Flipkart tops among all of them considering price and service.
This thing - even though diminutive in size - packs a lot of power! I have been running windows 8 on this machine without even one hiccup in all the time I have used it (over 1 month now). The best thing is the battery backup - it lasts for about 5-6 hours on average usage like surfing and watching movies. The keyboard - though a bit small - is very easy to use and will take about 5 minutes to adjust to. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone who likes to play games though - this is strictly for business usage only. All in all a very good package at such a price point.
I purchased this to replace my Hometheatre pc. It uses 2013 model Intel motherboard Intel HM70 supporting Intel High Definition Audio. so it supports HD Bit-streaming upto 7.1 channels over HDMI. Its connected to over 50 feet long HDMI to my Denon av receiver and works superbly. Since power consumption is less I also use this as my primary browsing rig. I am using it with wifi keyboard an mouse and external 27 inch led display Cons: Trackpad is not good Built in speakers are just ok.
Got this product 2 days back. Took 3 days for delivery. Nice compact netbook with good looks. It comes with Win8 drivers, so I have installed Win8 and it works smoothly. Pros: 1. Good net book in this price range 2. Good design Cons: 1. I have tried to run some HD videos, and it did not play properly. Also with 1366x768 resolution, the texts displayed on the screen will be too small to read. Need to do some kind of tweak to make it readable. 2. It gets heated up too much. It wont be possible to keep it on lap or in hand after this due to excessive heating. This is the main drawback i have observed. Overall: Satisfied with the purchase
at the cost this product is for you would not expect what it comes with, performance and battery back-up is great and the overall experience is more than satisfactory. @Flipkart: quick delivery i.e. next day and was able to coordinate with the delivery guy well... however I suggest that there should be an option to manage time of delivery as the contact center denied for it and the delivery guy too... becomes difficult for working population If an on the go handy bag-in needed this could be the pick of the day :)
Asus mini laptop is a good one for personal use who travel a lot and give many presentations. Its a good price which flipkart gives with a good quality too.
the best configuration netbook at the price. the only issue is if you are not a windows fan and wants to get Linux or any other OS installed very difficult to use the touch pad with out physical buttons. also drivers not available for non windows OS
Thanks a lot Flipkart and WS retailer.I have received my product in just 3 days.It is really good one and I have installed window 8 all the drivers are working really well and the system speed is pretty good.It is worth purchasing no any issue with this one.
hi i brought this netbook nd within 2 months i sold this. Before this i was using sony vaio netbook and its now 2 nd haf year m still using this. Main problem with this is of keyboard. When u type in fast speed some letters are misprinted ..keyboard is really harshed.
IT SUPPORTS WINDOWS 8 AND IT WORKS SO GOOD. KEYBOARD IS DESIGNED FOR WINDOWS 8 AND ALL THE FUNCTION WORKS WITH ONLY WINDOWS 8. CAMERA CLARITY IS PRETTY GOOD. OVERALL THE PRODUCT IS WORTHY.
As I'm already using Desktop having i3 2nd generation processor, and this asus 1015e is gifted to me by one of my relative, 1st of all it doen't comes with OS.,so I just installed window 7 ultimate in it and found that it is not working properly...some of the user on flipkart are saying that It is very good in video clarity...but I don't why my asus is not able to HD video properly,when I used to play such videos the crystals are coming on the screen and colors of the screen also changes.there is one more problem with it when we play HD video in it the windows media player is hanging,I update it but continuousy finding the same problem...even in the VLC player..the audio quality is quitre enough ...but battery is not working upto marks for me...it only lasts for 2hours.... if anyone also having the same problem or have the alternate solution on playing HD video in it..pls let me know....
Good computer for basic computing. Small, light-weight, good sound. Definitely worth the price. Only shortcoming is no installed OS and an average/uncomfortable touchpad. So you may have to buy a new one. Windows 8 works flawlessly on the device and the hardware is compatible. One of my old xp based desktops uses ASUS motherboard and it has been serving me for more than 10 years and still is working flawless! So I confirm ASUS's reliability and experience in making computers and related hardware.
The best gadget at best price... I M Lovin' it!! But Let me tell you, please purchase it from the market or asus store. The Services of Flipkart are very bad with these gadgets. I did the same. Thanks Asus.
I have received a defective product. The display of the netbook is not working. Whats even worse is that flipkart and ws retail has repeatedly ignored my complaints for a replacement so much so that even after repeated complaints, I have not received a single correspondence from their end in this regard. Been 3 weeks.. Lost all trust in Flipkart and Ws Retail.. market place model should not absolve flipkart of its responsibilities. IMO flipkart should only be trusted for buying books. Now it has come to this: Flipkart after more than a month asks me to edit my review or else they will remove the review ! what a market place they have created, where a customer cannot even raise his voice. Shame!!!
My wife joined part time MBA, so she needed a laptop for her studies and net browsing. I was planning to buy a tab with a case and keyboard, but she was not ready to take it. So searched for Netbooks and found this Netbook. One of my friends are working with ASUS, he also suggested this model. He was ready to buy it for me under employee scheme, but the price was based on last months market price. Finally there were not much difference from what flipkart was offering. It was a great deal considering the cash back offer on Standard Charted card. Product was delivered with in 2 days of ordering. Only glitch was that it doesn't have an O.S. Tried installing WinXP, it doesn't work. Finally installed Win 7, however faced so many issues with drivers, mainly the wireless lan driver. So at last switched to Ubuntu 12.04 64 bit version and everything worked out of the box. In terms of usability, it just fits into my wife's purse and the battery backup is also good. She is quite happy with it though not much comfortable with the Linux. Now I am waiting for an offer on Win 8, so that I can switch back to Windows again..
I brought it some one month back and it is worth. They will recommend WIN 8 64-bit but WIN 7 32 works fine. You can find the drivers in given CD. Performance wise this is quite good and everything works well. I recommend.......
I have recently purchased this product and i feel its real worth for money. It also comes with good configurations.
Good Product ....... but it could be batter if HDD 500 RAM 4 Gb OS ; win 8 64 bit............ but over all paisa Wasool
for its cost you cant have anything better than this.Its handy, nice looking, and a complete package.
Got this notebook last week. I got problem and i replaced it with a new one.Now things work good. It gets heated quickly.Drivers are available for win 8 only. Moderate speed. Some problem with the keyboard. I am not satisfied with this product. I should have bought this in shop.
Best laptop at very low cost, good video clarity and really amazing battery backup above 4.15 Hrs on listening songs in full volume. Also i installed Opensuse 64 bit, Yeah it is the good option for those use this laptop for personal and transactional purpose :). Negative marks: Touch pad is bit harder to hit the click by default, but anyhow it can be adjustable for all the other features. More Positive feedback: 1. Great video clarity. 2. Good Gaming. 3. Excellent Wifi speed. I think they used the best wifi radio hardware. 4. Easy typing keyboard 5. Faster booting technology can be appreciable, but not fully. 6. In built camera clarity is good. 7. Good microphone, as i use to talk in skype from bit far distance to laptop, also it is audible clearly. Finally good for all, i think it is best to buy this laptop instead of tablets and mobiles at very low cost ;)
Little notebook for little price but with full horsepower unlike atom powered notebooks. Small, light and even a mobile like charger but has a full sized six cell battery and celeron notebook processor. Backup is very good. lasts virtually one day in casual usage.
This is a very good notebook/netbook of its kind at very reasonable price. The performance of the system is good and graphics are nice as we can use windows 8 os with it and i got drivers compatible with windows 8 only when i purchased this laptop.. any ways.. its very lite weight, compact and has good battery back up and nice key board and mouse support. very good for all purposes except for high performance softawares like high graphic games and softwares like ansys... but its far better than a tablet in all respects except that it does not have a touch screen.. my rating is 4.5/5 ...
Got two of these tiny monsters. FreeDos gives you a bit of let down since you cannot start using it just out of the box - unless you want to use DOS [who does that now a days?]. Installed Win7 and it worls nicely. Nothing more and nothing less that what it is being advertised for and the the price is a delight. Flipkart lets you pay in EMI so not a big hole for the pocket as well. Pros - Processor way better than others in same range, Price, Sound is good Cons - Ship it with Windows
I bought this laptop a month ago from asus store as flipkart did not feature this one then. This is the first 10.1 inch netbook that features a 1366x768 resolution (flipkart mentioned it as 1024x600 but it is 1366x768 actually). I have installed windows 8 in it and it works like a charm without any issues( it also has windows 8 start key) . The touch pad also supports windows 8 gestures. It can perfectly play 1080p and blu-ray videos without any lag.The processing speed is lower but it is not a matter of concern for what a netbook is made for. You cant expect it to run high end applications like gaming and video editing. But it is perfect for all low profile works like browsing, office, watching movies, etc. And what more!! it has a720p camera and also features one usb 3.0 port which can transfer files at speeds up to 5gbps. Even the sound output is very good. For all those who know what a netbook is made for, this one will be a perfect choice. And as usual it is cheaper in flipkart.
