Dell Vostro 2520 Laptop (3rd Gen Ci3x 4GBx 500GBx Ubuntu)@@@good and better perfomance in dell laptop , speed verry fast and good look. Be yourself, be informative Let your personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion.
Great laptop for the price. Not as fast as I needed. But pretty decent for the price. I have Windows 8.1 running on this. Haven't played any games on it yet
Good product Good build quality anti scratch and good looks Good performance i have used with windows 8.1 pro working very smoothly Battery life is good is is giving around 4-5 hours of working after fully charged numeric key pad missing : (this will not affect us much) Key board is very smooth love to type Did not get the drivers CD/DVD that i have to download all from the website around 4 GB drivers for windows 7/8/8.1 (For sell package driver CD / DVD is not mention) Over all good product to buy
I purchased this laptop from flipcart on 28 feb 14, upto delivery everything was good. After that It gave me worse online shopping experience 1. Its mic and headphone port are not good, they are very tight. might damage headphone jack. 2. Touchpad sensitivity is poor. I set its sensitivity to highest level but no improvement in touchpad quality. 3. Poor quality keypad 4. Laptop lid is of poor plastic material feels very cheep. I contacted flipcart many times regarding this product, each time they say we will call you in 24 hours and they dont call even in 2-3 days. Very irresponsible behavior from flipcart. I requested flipcart to return this product as per flipcart 30 days return policy and still no response from their team. Dont buy this product.
Hi, I have purchased Dell Vostro, but I am not satisfied with the seller as the Warranty on the Laptop is not as per that mentioned. Though I have purchased the laptop in Feb 2014, I am getting accidental Damage warranty only till Mar 2014 ( It should be 1 year as provided by Dell). Also, the parts only warranty is only till Dec 2014. I have written a complaint to Flipkart but they haven't responded to it for the past 4 days.
Pretty decent. Can totally recommend this to anyone looking for a smooth and not so pricey laptop. Looks great! Not too bad of a configuration.
Pros: 1) Economical & Reasonable price 2) Good configuration: i3 2.4Ghz, 4GB ram, 15.6' etc. Cons: 1) The build quality is not as good as i5 laptops. But it's much light weight 2) you'll need to installed windows separately (it's an advantage though) 3) No USB 3.0
Bought it for my Dad as lightweight/ light games laptop. Changed the OS to Windows 7 as he did not know much about Ubuntu. Excellent laptop
I got shocked when received this product. It's made by worst plastic and it's look like Rs.100 plastic. Rating : 0 (Zero) Please choose other Product or other model. Don't buy this model.
Keep it up flipkart and WS retail. Laptop working fine and looks amazing. keeping some offers with the product would have made more fabulous.
I am very happy about your delivery timing, and the quality of the product is good, but why dell is providing ubuntu os in laptop, this os is very bad.
i am using this laptop i really feel comfort with this one .and thank ws retailer for EMI options & quick delivery.
Excellent delivery by flipkart as usual..great product and amazing performance in this budget.happy with the overall response
This laptop is a good buy if you are looking for decent configuration with i3 processor below 30k. The best part of this is, it does not heat up like old Dell laptops and Lenovo ones.. even after continuous usage of 5 hrs (Movie, music and browsing) Build quality is not so great. The plastic body gives it a cheap feel, mouse track pad is not so effective and loudspeaker is just ok, but audio with headphoes is amazing. Overall, a perfect budget laptop for everyday use
Great product by DELL ....nice config within budget ..thanks to flipkart for quick delivery comes with dell backpack n anti virus (15 mnth) added advantage....Mcafee for dell great .....looked for this laptop in local mkt 3 to 4 k more than FK price...
one word, is its definitely worth the money. Till now i am completely satisfied with the purchase. Thanks a lot team.
Its a very good configuration by Dell and we are already using this model in our office for application development. Performance wise its good, look and design of laptop may be not as good as other Dell models, but its value for money.
My Sis gifted me this Lappy... It has everything that's needed for day to day activities. Performance wise its awesome works too good with Win 8. If you are a gamer then go for high end else this will do all the tasks required. My Sis also got Flipkart vouchers from MINTADEAL website so extra saving . The screen and camera clarity is good and every software will run on this. Except high rendering Animation softwares ( I mean you will experience some slowness ) ... The body is tough and it looks classy :)
one of the best at this price range and i am happy with it by performance and all. Just i got what i want ubuntu ... you can change it to windows but in Ubuntu its more fast what i feel.
i am using this for last 6 months and everything is just perfect. The best thing i found is the battery backup. It can play 3 hrs full movie on its loudspeaker, without any need of charging.
excellent laptop. display is good and works so smooth and silent. very useful and convenient ram for multitasking
few days back I purchased this grey colour 3rd gen i3 processor, 4 GB RAM,500 GB hard disk with ubuntu 12.04..must tell so far the experience has been amazing! totally loving. Though initially was scared that the speakers wont be proper but found that they are just fine. USB 2.0 isn't too bad either. The bluetooth and the wi-fi connectivity are superb! Found an Dell SD card,I din't know about it initially at the time of purchasing but yea helpful to transfer my digicam pics rather than using the card reader. Charge stays for 4 hours after full charge! Just yesterday tried connecting to a projector too. wont say buying it was a waste! just a thing related to the front cover deisgn, it could have been just plain rather than these horizontal lines.
With the reliability of DELL and relatively cheaper price in this config., its a value for money product. Pros: value for money. reliable, rugged Drawback: No driver DVD supplied with the product. You need to dig 'em out from the internet.
Pros: Configuration: It comes with an very good config. it's almost enough for handling multiple tasks. As it comes with 3rd gen processor the performance is well and good. A very good thing is it has 4gb ram which is well enough for installing multiple os using VMWARE, VIRTUAL BOX etc. Cons: Design and finishing is not up to the mark. must handle the laptop with much care or else there is an possibility of breakage of side panel. But if maintained well then this is a very good choice for budget people.
Awesome laptop for the price. Good specs. Got 15 months McAfee Anti-virus subscription in the pack which was not mentioned in the site :). The only downside is that you have to go through the hassle of installing Windows in your system as it is pre-loaded with Ubuntu, however taking into account the 2-3k extra you had to pay for pre-installed Windows OS, you are at a gain. Moreover all the Linux savvy professionals would love the lappy. Packed to perfection by Flipkart. They delivered the product in two days straight and for that a 5 star for the service :). Way to go Flipkart :) :).
Thanks to Flipkart for prompt delivery. Lost no time in waiting for my laptop. Finding it fun to work with Ubuntu for a change. Recommend Flipkart, Dell & Ubuntu for people looking for a laptop for work mainly dealing with data.
This laptop is good and has so far not given trouble. It will be best according to me if your are looking as i3 and 4 GB ram.
Laptop received in good condition. Its working with out problem but i have only concern why i have not give 5 rating is i didnt receive Drivers with laptop. i called them and the were saying to download from internet. why not they provide drivers i dont know.
Perfect as expected, good product :) Hassle free no issues, everything as expected by a consumer. .
really this is good product i face problem with webcam but after call to dell customer care the guide me and my problem is solved only one request to dell that put updated driver for all so cust can use this easily
This is the first big thing I purchased from Flipkart. I received the product within 3 days from order placed. The packaging is extremely good. About the laptop. Its working as expected. U can not expect something extraordinary from a laptop in this budget point of price. Overall its very good for daily usage. Thanks to flipkart for the best price and the best deal which they are offering to their customers.
For the price point it is a well equipped laptop - Ubuntu is a wonderful OS especially this version (12.1) and you really don't to spend too much extra for Windows OS if your need is for typical office work and online browsing. Smooth processor which handles playback of HD videos quite well. Product Plus Points -Dell is an excellent brand in my experience in terms of build quality. This product quality is excellent and it doesn't overheat like HP, Sony. Although I have heard rumours that product quality isn't what it used to be. -Processor is more than sufficient for daily activities -Good 15.6 inch screen with a nice back cover (ensures no smudges and fingerprints) -1 Year Complete Cover - This includes repair/ replacement due to accident and is a facility over and above NBD service. -Excellent product for this price point. Negative Product Points -More USB ports (esp 3.0) would have been good -4GB RAM is sufficient now but if it was 1 memory stick and 1 Empty RAM slot, it would have been better to future proof the laptop -No driver CD - although you can download drivers from website Plus Flipkart Points -Quick Delivery - Paid extra for 1 day delivery and it reached me in about 36 hours from order placement. Very happy with the packaging as well. Thereafter it was all downhill with Flipkart Negative Flipkart Points -Flipkart however tries to pass off NBD service as Complete Cover and refused to talk to Dell and ensure the buyer gets 1 full year of Complete Cover. -No grievance redressal system - you either keep calling/ emailing/ chatting with them but the customer care level is poorly trained and only taught to be courteous at the cost of actually doing anything worthwhile. -No Nodal officer to handle grievance issues which are messed up by the amateurish customer care team. Requests for senior intervention went in vain and short of filing a legal complaint you cant really touch them. Overall My rating of 4 stars is for the product. If I had to rate Flipkart I would honestly rate them 1 star on 5 and that too purely for the quick delivery and packing. That's it. I can never trust Flipkart again for high value items. They are best for small items upto Rs 500-1000 which in the worst case you can write off. Not for high value items. Unfortunately I will have to return this item as the seller/ Flipkart have terrible customer service which only ensure that you keep following up without getting any solution. They can really frustrate and they kept beating around the bush, making false promises of call backs without actually doing anything in the hope that sooner or later the person will give up and just accept whatever is available. Since I have returned the product, I don't know if the next buyer will receive my used piece or a fresh piece - I don't trust anything Flipkart says right now. In any case my advise is if you do buy from Flipkart, check your warranty details on dell website whether the warranty is actually as promised. In my case, I was promised 1 year Complete Cover but actually only the Dell NBD service is applicable for 1 year and Complete Cover is for 8 months (i.e. from the date Dell ships to Flipkart, so straight away you will know that your laptop was in storage with Flipkart for that long.) IMHO Flipkart suffers from the same problem as other service providers having growth too big too quickly with pools of private equity money at their disposal but their core service offering has gone for a toss due to the poor quality of customer care. Mr Bansal, a basic point to always remember - anyone who interacts with your customers needs to be educated and at least of a level of intelligence where he can empathize with customers problem and then only will he be able to offer resolution. Its not only about logging customer queries and issuing a template response and closing the query. Genuine customer service means your best employees should be the ones the customer interacts with - unfortunately no one from the MBA institutes wants to come to a profile in customer care. So I guess this isn't going to change anytime soon. You might want to take a leaf out of US retailers especially those who have entered India - their level of service is worth experiencing and the customer experience is the center of their business. I thoroughly regret buying the laptop from Flipkart and will definitely not repeat this mistake.
AMAZINg and best laptop as comparison to other samsung,HP,lenovo laptops in this price range. go for it blindly. best in all perspectives in quality,look,working performance,hardware ,all are super. its like a black box for moderate games. very light in weight as in comparison to others. best sound system among all other laptops. dats enough to describe it. GO for it. its best. happy i have this one. :)
I bought this laptop in 29k.I think at this range it is a very good product with a undoubtedly best brand.Every thing is cool about this laptop.I also get 1 year extended warranty with it.
Dear All, This is my first online purchase from , its good Experience to purchase form Flipkart, I got 10% off on Laptop. Dell Vostro 2520 is Best for this price .
This product has ubuntu os which is no familiar.You have not provided ubunt os In future supply dvd/cd of os. over all good product, speedy working. I have installed windows 8 it is working good battery is quite good and last up to 3 to 4 hours. when use continusly. The colour and appearance is to good. i like it. and i have recommended this to my friends.
Vostro series laptops can't be purchased in your local big electronics shops . They said vostro can be purchased only in online. This laptop performance is nice. Battery have a long backup more than 2.30 hrs. If it is ok to work with ubuntu os this is very best laptop to buy at reasonable price from flipkart.
First want to say thanku to flipkart that they are providing low price than market and with good and genuine product......The product is awesome if we know about the OS.... I suggested many of my friends to purchase from flipkart...
I am very much satisfied with the build quality and configuration. Filpkart's service is spot on. overall 5/5 for me.
I purchase this with reasonable price & it's function is very good & satisfactory to me. I using in this Laptop SAP for my daya to day Office Operation & also Tally & many more application softwares with comfortable & it's speed also very good. but it's cabinet is not too strong as it seems but manageable, No problem.
Laptop is very good in use. No issues. Go for DOS/Linux..will be cheaper.
very good product. nice product for hard core user. display should be better. but product for reasonable price.
very very nice laptop ,cheap price nice to use .only one thing touch scroll is very poor to use...... battery stands for 2hrs to 3hrs...nice product for this prices
SUPERB LAPTOP--IN THIS PRICE RANGE,,,,,,,,,RAM, PROCESSOR, SCREEN SIZE, CLEARITY, AND 500-GB HARD DISK,,,,IT'S EVERY THING FOR 3RD. GENERATION PEOPLE REQUIREMENT
I really love this product which I purchase DELL Vostro 2520 Laptop. I am thankful to Flipkart Team that they provide me reasonable price and best product among industry.
I Am using DELL VOSTRO 5220 since last year.I think this laptop is best in this prise compare as other company laptop. Battery backup is awesome-4 to 5 hr. overall excellent product.
In this price range i am satisfied with the product. only thing i say its keypad is little shaky which felt as loose while using.
nice laptop at low prize. I suggested to my friends to buy this laptop. positives: 1) 3rd generations Ci3 processor 2) 4 GB ram 3) 3 hours + battery backup 4) 15.6 inches screen size. negatives: 1) No driver CD.( I feel Dell should provide driver CD) 2) adapter cable length is short.
not working from day 1. even promises service i have to contact dell on 4th day. Motherboard, RAM, Palm rest, Power button all has to replace. I want exchange or return they refused. don't know why have return button placed after order detail as they don't provide such service. Its new year purchase on 1st Jan and I decided to go to consumer court now.
Thanks for flipkart to make delivery on time. Product is very good. Working fine for me. No heating issues. Adjust brightness settings to increase battery backup.
Got it at a good price, value for money. Its fine for home use. Backpack is of ok quality The only shortcoming was that the product which was delivered to me was of almost 6 months earlier manufacturing date.
Ubuntu is difficult to operate in the beginning. Bluetooth is not starting. Graphics are not that excellent.
Nice product as described. Quick delivery within 2 days. Will definitely buy another one from here in future.
I brought 4 laptops this model. Good for daily use for my office staff. Keyboard doesn't have num pad. But good for the price.
g8t laptop, must buy... best deliverly...i searchd a lot for laptops...i installed w7 in it...working g8t...
The laptop is very good. Full laptop including screen is anti-fingerprint. The system is very fast. I like the matte display as it leads to improved readability. The battery life is good. Only downside is that you need to download drivers from the Dell site about 1.5 GBs which is expected as it comes pre-loaded with ubuntu and not windows. P.S.: I have read somewhere that it missing touch pad scrolling, however, if you get the drivers from Dell's site, it has option of multi-finger scrolling. (Use one finger for cursor movement, two fingers for scrolling, three for page up and page down functions). It takes a bit to get used to it, but once you get used to it, its fast and easy.
excellent product looks classy. but ubuntu os is quit boring to use. can we install win 7/8 on this beast. an will it void my warrant.?
Hi , packaging and delivery is good, but i dont see any note for warranty, can you please clarify the warranty details, Thanks,
I have been using this laptop from last 2 months ....it did not hang even one time.... First of all let me clear you In Diwali offer I bought this laptop in Rs. 24,225.... good :- best is battery back-up Dell claims 3 hours but believe you me its actually 5 hours.... i3 so faster enough 4gb Ram enough for Home /Official uses 3mb cache memory for gaming 500gb hard disk for music ,video & photo.... Bad:-. quite bulky Design is not as good as you can expect from Dell (plastic body)
Its worth buying for Student . Tech configuration is very good for beginner who need laptop for study not for games. Body build quality need to improve.
Flipkart All the Way...Perfect Packing and Excellent IN-A-DAY delivery by WS Retail. Pros: Display Battery Backup Cons: Design and Plastic Chassis looks Cheap Given its price and if you are a Intel/Dell Fan, it indeed is a Good Laptop. Or If are OK with AMD Processors, go for HP Laptops which have better Metal Design and Configuration.
WORTH FOR EVERY PENNY. YOU MAY PURCHASE IT AND LATER INSTALL WINDOWS 7 OR 8 (IF POSSIBLE). YOU CAN DIRECTLY SAVE THE COST OF PURCHASING A NEW WINDOWS OS SOFTWARE.
Very happy with performance, Good for developers,as price of ubuntu version is lesser than windows version will recommend to buy this ubuntu version and then format it to windows 7/8. This will surely save your 3k to 4k. Flipkart service is awesome.!
the laptop with the range of 29000 this is best i really like that before this i was so confuse that what should i buy and then i chose this one and i am very happy with this and the delivery was good in just 48 hours and bout the laptop the best thing the backup is 5:30 hours which is so so nice and don't worry about ubuntu just format this and install whatever you want i install windows 7 and it's working nice ...alll i can is this is best laptop go for it ....................
Pros: 1. big screen 2. decent finish of the laptop 3. free bag Cons: 1. HDD, Processor & Ram compatibility very poor 2. processor Speed & response time very average 3. Graphics support very poor 4. too complicated to install or modify themes, software etc in ubuntu Great for programmers or people good in coding environment... very difficult for a person who is used to only basic operations like word processing etc to setup softwares and change themes in ubuntu...
hi, I bought this laptop through my SBI cc with 10% cash back offer time.....Flipchart delivery is good...Packing was nice....it was initially installed with Ubuntu.....but I installed Win7... After Win7 installation it needs to download 3-4 drivers....Video, Chipset & network Drivers....After installing those drivers its working very fine...... Battery backup was very good....When using with WI_FI on condition battery is coming for More than 4Hrs.....Its just 15days old now after my purchase.......don't know how the battery condition will be in future..... Heating is very negligible...... Screen is very good....Anti glare screen only for this laptop at cheapest price...... Minuses I found are.... 1.Keyboard keys are bit sensitive, but a laptop user can handle finely..... 2.In mouse pad scrolling option was not there......Its not problem for reg lap user.... I purchased this laptop with the help of prev reviews only.....That's y I am posting my reviews also in to site now.....which may help for others......Finally I hope its worth of cost..........................
Good laptop for long hours usage continuously upto 8 to 12 hrs with out heating laptop, doesnot get heated even.The thing is when you buy online Dell is providing the warranty from the manufacturing date and not from the buying date, please check with this before buying, i bought this laptop a month ago and now i can see the warranty details on dell site as its only for 8 months how can this be.coming to laptop a definite buy laptop
i bought this before 2mnths it working good..,no heat at all.., i kept in working for 3days without shutdown but no heat..,
Good laptop, good configuration. Got around 2:30 hours of battery on my first use. comes with Ubuntu 12.04, which I am new to but quite user friendly and comes with most of the useful applications installed. Lots of plastic used but real good finish, best is the strips on the top cover with a rubbery feel for super grip. Really happy with the product so far :-)
I had various problems while buying the laptop. 1. first of all, The major problem that i had was the customer service. When I got the laptop, the cd drive was not working, the screen froze often and the battery lasted for only an hour! I had a really tough time contacting the customer service. After I finally got connected with the service, they said that they wouldn't refund, but that they would replace it. I agreed. When the second piece arrived, The cd drive and the battery didnt work even this piece!! I was Furious! I contacted the customer service and demanded a refund, but thaey said that they would replace it again. I was forced to accept.When the third piece arrived, There were pen marks on the screen and a key was broken. I was sooo furious and tired of the service that i decided to just keep the broken laptop ( atleast the screen was working). It took me a lot to fix the broken stuff. 2. It comes with Ubuntu which is a pretty useless OS. 3. The laptop is very very very slow. 4. Camera quality is not very good :(
Hi Al, after reciveing the product i am changed the operating system from ubuntu to win 7 . after that i played moive in vls palayer. in the middle of the movie voice got stoped. observed that speakers are gone. when using headset i am able to get the sound.
It is a very nice product from dell . It's features are very unique but PANASONIC has launched a shubhagaman campaign in which many of offers are given !!!!!
I purchased d product 3mnths ago ..flipkrt delvrd it on tym.. n m quite happy wd d prodct hv faced sum shut dwn probs bt i think its quite obvious n acptbl n for nrml usr its wrth d amt..u cn surely go for it..
They did not give me windows so i had a hard time getting a windows copy for me. But that is not a big problem. The problem is the product material. The plastic is not sturdy. The speakers went off after 2 months of the purchase. Dell customer care tell's me, you cannot use VLC media player on this set.
I brought this laptop for 29,200 about 4 months ago from Nehru Place Market in Delhi. Overall, I am extremely satisfied with the performance of this laptop. Pros:- 1. Long battery life of up to 6 - 7 hours. 2. Anti glare LED screen which is far better than what is offered in Inspiron series as it doesn't reflect anything from your back side and strains eyes minimally. 3. Ubuntu pre installed, so no need to pay extra price for Win 8. 4. Excellent keyboard design. Cons:- 1. Speakers offers crisp sound quality but volume is a bit low. 2. No USB 3.0 port as I was expecting atleast 1 USB 3.0 port. 3. No dedicated graphics card. Overall, total value for money.
The laptop on the whole is a eye catcher for specs but then again the prolonged problem with dell's speakers. Its been a week since i bought it, and the speakers have already stopped working. Just a spoiler. Still regretting not buying HP
Laptop(Dell Vostro 2520 Laptop (3rd Gen Ci3/ 4GB/ 500GB/ Ubuntu)) is very nice. it is Value For Money
First of all thanks flipkart, for such a quick deliver, nice work... Pros: 1. Nice Anti glare screen, good for outdoor viewing 2. Looks good on the paper 3. Looks good with matte back, no chance of slipping when handling, and sturdy outer build... However good things end up there... Cons: 1. Comes pre-installed with Ubuntu, which is neither good for business purpose, for whom the laptop's made for, nor it is for average home user, as the Dell doesn't support it, if any problem arise 2. Bad quality speakers, stopped working after only 1.5 months.And the new ones according to Dell cost 1500/-. 3. System got horribly slow, getting abhorrent response times after only a months usage. 4. Heating issues, again i quote Dell representative " Sorry sir, we do not support any other operating system other than Windows and all the other OS comes under Third party software,. So , we can't accept your issue" Overall, Very very bad customer service from Dell, i have been using dell inspiron 1525 for a long time, so i HAD a great confidence in Dell. But now it's all gone to Hell now, after this incident.
Best Budget Laptop - have purchased this system and have also recommended to anyone who asks for a low budget system. It has never disappointed. No matter which OS you install, it works flawlessly with all. Go for it!!!
Flipkart is as usual Superfast in delivering product reached me within 36 hrs, nicely packed. So far its working fine like a champ. hicklet keys are very soft, we need to compromise with look of the laptop...........Laptop with same spec on dell.com it cost around Rs 32000/- when i asked question to dell representative regarding price difference he said Dell sell serviced product to other shopping website. When same thing asked to Flipkart cc repre, he said they buy items in bulk so its price is low he also said about 30 days replacement warranty. so i bought it on EMI,
Very fast delivery.Delivered in just two days.The best deal on Internet if you are looking for dell vostro laptops.Laptop is working fine till m writing this.Satisfied with this experience.It also includes a bag pack and counter strike CD with 1 year CC.
I ordered this laptop and I feel this is really good laptop because of value for money and fast delivery by flipkart. Its really cool to work with this laptop and compact design. I am happy to work with this laptop.
First of all thanks to flipkart for excellent service..This is a very nice product with so many features in comparison with price.Every thing is good about this product except ubuntu which is not user friendly...it will better if it configured with other OS.
I purchased this laptop about 2 weeks ago , I got the delivery within 2days. It is a good laptop at this price. Screen is awesome,speed is good. only thing I didn't like is that its front body. It looks like a plastic cover that doesn't look good. Apart from that every is good..
I am telling u the truth what i feel so.. first of all its very good laptop i feel so before buying,rate is very much cheaper. How? Laptop cost rs-28000 , then i buy this laptop using citi bank creddit card.I got rs-2800 back. Then i got free mouse of Logitech that i sell in OLX.in at the cost of rs800. 28000-2800-800= 24400 this is the cost of my laptop.. Best no other service u ll get. And i suggest u to take DOS OS coz while taking DOS OS u reduced rs5000 rather than taking window OS. So i took DOS and install WINDOW i save rs5000. Laptop is very best at this price and its body made up of dust and scratch free.
All is good about this.. PROS:Performance...very decent business lappy. CONS : found a bit heavy...that's all the cons I can pose about this And as usual FK rocks....36 hours is what taken for delivery...Gr8
If You want a 3rd Gen i3 in less than 30k Market! Feel free to Buy this one. Excellent performance gives 6.9 cpu, ram, hard disk rating. with intel HD 4000 Graphics you can play almost all the average graphics game. battery life is 3Hrs tested on my Dell! Pros : 1. Excellent Product at cheaper price and dell guarantee. 2. Hardware is Best in its class 3. Comfortable design (charger port at back, 3 USB ports, 1 LAN port, 1 hdmi, 1 projector) 4. Overall a great deal. Cons. 1. No USB 3.0 2. No Driver DVD Provided! You will have to download 3.5 GB worth drivers online. 3. BackCover feels like a cheap plastic sheet(Replaceable I guess! :P) So thats all go for this one.. its reliable and roburst
Although the shipping location was quite remote area, Delivery was very well on time . About the product: Elegant looking Laptop with all the features as specified. But the driver CD is missing in the package. So if you are planning to install Windows ,keep all the drivers ready with you before hand.
I ordered the product on Friday and got it the next day. I was notified i will get it in Tuesday but got it the next day!!!!! I don't find any faults still now. Good one. go for it!!!! If you need any clarification also customer care would help you.(may be u need to wait on line patently for 10mins.... :) ).
Product was Delivered within 3 days as told.freebie also worthy,really great Offer.but plastic Look that is only thing we need to worry.but speed and all is good,packaging is perfect for safety of the Goods and we can effort that much amount on this product
I have bought this product one month ago. In very first day it got hanged twice, but after that it was working fine. Then I tried to install Windows-7 but I face some problem with compatibility issue. Last day I was watching movie in full volume, then after five minutes the right side speaker goes off. Only left speaker is working with a bad quality sound.
I ordered the machine on 25th July and in less than 24 hours, the machine was at my house.Frankly, I did not expect it so quick. It was a value for money deal and machine is decent for normal users of laptop. Machine looks good and the surprise part was the Laptop bag enclosed with the order.
I did a market study before selecting DELL VOSTRO 2520. My requirement is more for business needs rather than for entertainment. Flipkart has been fabulous in delivering the product within 24 hrs and it was well packed. The deal is more cost effective as you wont get any such configuration for this price. Pros of Dell 2520: Rugged, Decent processor speed and memory, Good camera for skyping needs. Cons Bit heavy 2.75kg, No USB 3.0, A slight plastic feel along screen boundary. Suggestion While giving backpack as compliment , it would have been great if there are options for selecting backpack,though extra penny can be from customers pocket. Prasanth
Great product. with this price... The delivery is really too fast. Its genuine product..packaging was not that much good but the product is not defective..that will be fine.. again Flipkart again on the time
Nice dEAL vERY lOW pRICE it is best laptop with intel i3 3rd gen and 4gb ram I have it It's speed is awesome ..............................................................................................................................................................................................
