HP Envy TouchSmart 15-J001TX Laptop (4th Gen Ci7x 8GBx 1TBx Win8x 2GB Graphx Touch)@@@I wanted a laptop which delivers high performance, had style, and was sufficiently heavy. This turned out to be the one for me. - It has a Great Touchpad, I would say almost as good as a Apple trackpad! I use all my fingers with the touchpad for great efficiency - Its extremely sleek design is pretty class. - The fingerprint scanner is pretty good, but unfortunately for me, my finger is unreadable. - Can open multiple applications without fear of crashing the system. - The touch screen is awesome, especially since I run a Windows 8 OS, and also android games can be played with the touchscreen. It is as though it is a huge Tab! - The battery stays for around 3 hours at high performance and around 4 hours at power saver mode, which is sufficient for me. - No CD Drive! I kept searching for a CD Drive for quite sometime before realising that there was'nt one. - Games like Splinter Cell, Tomb Raider 3 and PES run well, but the Nvidia GT graphic card does not perform as well as an Nvidia GTX. Cannot play games like NFS:Rivals and Assassins Creed IV, unless you want to play with extreme lag. - It heats up a bit when memory intensive applications such as games and video editors are running. - Data transfer with USBs are pretty fast, unless the USB is not good. - Does not make much noise, but as you keep using a definite hum is heard. - Price is a bit high, even though it is a great buy. This is a high performance laptop that can be used both for business and entertainment. I would recommend buying this product.
Never go for hp with original window mainly windows 8 and 8.1, when u have to install any other operating system with it like linux based operating sysyems ubuntu, backtrack. it faces the problem of boot loader. it does not easily shows the boot menu. for dual booting you have to try a lot to make it working and i am still trying to overcome it..........
I've been using this laptop since last 10 days. Bcoz of great configuration it's really a great hardware but Microsoft windows 8 makes it really bad. It will always be updating & consumes a lot of data and makes it slow many times. Upgrade to windows 8.1 is free but not supporting many software, So it should be fine with windows 8 only. 2GB Graphic is reasonably fast. Plenty of multimedia storage in 1tb hard disk. quad core i7 processor is really fast. The best thing about this model is that it competes with many Dell alien ware laptops & in performance it comes above that.
Its an excellent laptop. The Full HD display is awesome. I am a programmer and have installed all the IDEs and never faced any heating issues or slow performance. The machine looks elegant. It will take some time getting used to trackpad. Flipkart experience is always exceptional. Always amaze me unexpected pleasant surprises.
This notebook has great specs & works like a charm. Only let down is that there is no SSD or mini-SSD card which could have really complemented the hardware. Also, wanted to buy a spare power adapter for home to avoid carrying the supplied power adapter but the same is not available with HP India. This is serious as if the original supplied one gets damaged, there is no ready replacement available.
1. How come an 80K laptop does not have a dvd drive, ROFL. 2. Has only 1 port to plug in microphone and speaker handset. , which means you need to buy one that fits in this port, your current headphone with two codes for mic and speaker will not work. 3. Does not have a projector port (VGA, or Svideo whatever it is called), which means this laptop cannot be used for presentations. unless your client has bluetooth enabled projector for remote connectivity. 4. USB ports are black in color, instead of blue. so quite doubt full if they are usb 2.0 or usb 3.0
Recently purchased it, awesome laptop with bet features under 80000 (got it for 78000 outside, not on flipkart) best processor and display, but just one flaw is that no optical drive present inbuilt or in the box as external. which is available as an external with J048TX and even J049TX which are under priced laptops than this. Disappointed by HP, to miss it with such a highly priced laptop as a DVD - RW is a basic requirement these days. Rest everything is good. Flipkart price is higher, its easily available as low as 76000 in delhi market and 78000 with authorised HP World.
I am giving this after 5 days use looking picture is very good but the silver color is not shiny its natural silver color at first look i am not satisfied with color because i like black on elec. gadgets after 15 mins from opening the box i am really happy because the quality of this product is awesome touch is superb sound quality is very good good finishing battery backup is up to 4 hours on average use the only problem faced is up/down arrow keys are very small half the size of other keys and between side arrow keys and keyboard quality is little bit less most important you can charge your phone with USB cable without power on the laptop through one port Bag is also good and there is no optical drive(DVD) i got delivery in 2 days to chennai price on flipkart are the best as per my knowledge may be something i missed but I FULLY SATISFIED WITH THIS PRODUCT I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT ANY ONE WILLING TO PAY 75-80 K FOR LAPTOPS AND MUST READ CERTIFIED BUYER'S REVIEWS AND BUYER'S REVIEWS OTHERS ARE NOT RELIABLE
I HAVE PLANNED TO BUY EITHER J048TX OR J001TX WITHIN TWO DAYS .PREFERABLY I WOULD GO FOR J001 TX BECOZ OF FHD SCREEN,BUT AT THE SAME TIME I HAVE READ MANY REVIEWS XPOSING MANUFACTURING DEFECTS. CAN ANY ONE WHO HAVE PURCHASED THIS, TELL ME ABOUT ITS PERFORMANCE AS FAR AS PURE GAMING IS CONCERNED. IMEAN RUNNING LATEST GAMES LIKE CRYSIS 3 IN MAXIMUM SETTINGS. I AM PURCHASING THIS ONLY FOR GAMING PURPOSE. WHICH SHOULD I BUY J001 OR J048 TX PLEASE HELP YOUR REPLY WOULD BE AQPPRECIATED.
HP is making the Worst laptops ever and this one stands at the top of the list. Defective model High Cost Poor Customer Service etc all add to the neverending list of its cons.
I decided to buy this laptop as I was looking for a 1080p screen with 4th gen haswell processors. There aren't many options on the Indian market at the moment. The choice was between this and Lenovo Ideapad Y510p. I chose the HP machine as it has a more classy look as compared to the y510p an I am not much of a gamer. Besides the Diwali utsav offers made HP an overall better package. Following are a few things not mentioned on the product page. However I would like to mention that the following may be seller specific and may not be available to all buyers. 1. The 8gb ram provided is a single dimm. One slot is empty for further expansion in the future. 2. There is an mSata connector empty next to the hard disk. I am not sure if a caching ssd will work out of the box if I plug it in. 3. The battery lasts 4 hours of normal non graphics intensive use. The track pad is not all that reliable. HP has tried to mimic apples two finger scrolling in reverse mode. This was a welcome surprise for me since I was a mac book pro user. However it doesn't work as seamlessly everywhere. The double tap for right click seems to have stopped after windows 8.1 update. I just prefer using the touchscreen which is very reliable and accurate. The keyboard has bit of flex near the S and D keys, but I probably noticed it just because I had read about it. It is not a deal breaker. The typing using the keyboard is nice and comfortable enough. The bright 1080p resolution works best when playing a full hd movie. The screen is very glossy and being a touchscreen attracts a lot of finger prints. The screen quality is not the best but certainly not average. Apart from the above minor issues the build quality is good. The frame is thin but very sturdy and does not bend due to the heavy weight of the device. The Aluminum used feels very premium. The plastic base is actually a good choice since it allows a lot of vents for heat dissipation. The speakers are brilliant. The beats audio just enhances the music experience on the device. Using a good pair of headphones the audio on this device is probably the best I have heard on a laptop. There are lot of little things that make the laptop very convenient to use such as the back lit keyboard, the fingerprint scanner, well spaced four usb 3 ports, the 1 tb hard drive. Over all I am very satisfied with the machine. The performance is blazing fast with the quad core i7 and 8 gb ram. There are other laptops at this price point available in the Indian market but I believe I have chosen the right laptop that suits my needs.
Compared to Dell Inspiron 7000 series.. Which is also 80k, comes with Gorilla Corning Glass NBT & nVIDIA 750M GT. The build quality is not tat rigid compared to other laptops!! I have been reading a lot of reviews such as, poor build quality, not tat great display monitor and some black dots issue, more over.. poor HP customer care support to over come these problems. Let me be honest, I was about to buy this product but it actually worried me for a month such as, 740 GT and Poor display monitor quality, n build quality until last week Dell came up with a new product!!!! Thank god, I waited !!! 80K is a lotta money, and If you're looking for One Time Investment, A powerful laptop to replace your PC necessaries.. Try Dell Inspiron 7000 compared to this model !!! Only thing I find a huge difference is, It has 4700MQ where as Dell has 4500U. But it's a ultra processor, which gives performance optimized to battery work. 8 hours !!! isn't it nice? I have been working on to find a product that would satisfy me overall. spending 80k must satisfy one !! and, I found Dell Inspiron 7000 as a better investment than this product. I hope I cleared few people's mind !!!
Bought this laptop in August. Flipkart was as usual swift with their delivery and support, but HP customer support is a whole different ball game. My initial choice was a Dell with a similar configuration but 3rd gen i7, which was ok but the product was out of stock so I started looking at options and found this laptop. The laptop itself is beautiful, pretty much a copy of the mac with an added touchscreen and runs on windows 8. The trouble started even before buying the laptop. There was a student offer going on which was offering a 6000 rs HP carepaq of extended 2 years warranty + 4000 rs gift free from HP which led me to be very interested in this product. To confirm this i called the HP customer care, and lo n behold, they didnt even have any information on such a model much less the student offer attached to it, so their supervisor took my contact details and email address to get back to me after finding the necessary information. He never got back. So i directed my query to Flipkart and they were prompt with their response telling me they had exclusively launched this laptop in India in partnership with HP and the offer was very well valid. So i went ahead with my purchase. After this the laptop became available on the HP website too with the same offer attached, which i thought was a relief. After receiving the laptop, sending HP the necessary documents with the barcode cutout etc i received an email from HP saying my claim was rejected as the model number was invalid. The HP customer support asked me to email their manager who handles the claims. No reply from her till today (its been 2 months). Again Flipkart came to my rescue, i forwarded my complaint to them and within 2-3 days i recieved an email from HP validating my claim and saying that my carepaq and gift should reach within 30 days. this was first week of september. Its 15/10 today and i still havent recieved my carepaq, although a few days back i did recieve the gift (printer) that i had chosen. Today i spoke to the HP customer support where the IVR directed me to the carepaq customer support who informed me they cannot help me in any way and my only way is to email HP at a particular email address for redemption support. (they are not exactly polite when you tell them you have a problem and HP has never replied to my emails in the past 2 months) Now, sadly, the thought that i should've waited and gone for a DELL or even an ACER will nag me for the next 2-3 years that i will spend with this laptop. Don't get me wrong, the laptop is pretty awesome, but whats the point of buying something worth 80k when the customer support doesn't even treat you like you're worth 8 bucks? My rating for the laptop would be 4 (only because it heats up a bit in heavy use) My rating for flipkart would be 5 for their prompt delivery, support response. I cant be bothered with rating HP though because.. you know. Update: HP finally issues me the pack around 5 months after buying the laptop. The laptop itself is working perfect except for a tiny dot of a few dead pixels. But in all other areas it performs perfectly well. I have also upgraded my rating from 1 star to 4, only because this laptop has taken the rigorous use I put it through on a daily basis.
Envy is a wonderful laptop. A high end CPU with Nvidia GPU. ENERGY STAR certified. Aluminum body in modern silver
buy dell inspiron 7000 series instead this it has gorilla glass and 750gt ddr5 graphics dell has skullcandy speakers and aluminium body
The specifications of this notebook look amazing while searching for a NB to purchase, however, the build quality is not as good. Mine came with a out of the box defect. The keyboard has not been assembled correctly and there is a bump in the keyboard. The entire keyboard moves up and down when a key is pressed. Although I reported the issue immediately, the store that sold it told me refused refund or replacement and told me to contact HP. HP refuses to replace it and insists on getting the entire thing reassembled leaving me to use a refurbished unit. Three engineers worked on it and left it in worst condition than it was before. It has been over 2 months now, and I still am living with the problem as we (me and HP) are at a stalemate. They do not care for individual customers as they are making huge profits in the market. They also do not mind if consumers go to the consumer court. They take it as part and parcel of daily business. It is only for customers to make an informed choice. Rest is upto you. BTW did not buy this from FK as it was OOS at the time.
THE PLaSTIC USED FOR LID COVER IS SO CHEAP THT EVEN IF YOU KEEP IT IN BAG THEN ALSO IT DEVLOP A BLACK SPOT ON SCREEN AND KEYBOARD QUALITY IS ALSO VERY BAD.... I THINK ITS A CRAP THE SAM HP SELLS PRO BOOK WHICH IS OUTCASTS ANY MACHINE IN BODY QUALITY BUT WIT THIS HP HAS DETERIOTED ITS VALUE.... SHAME..
my friend has bought this laptop and he has so many issues with this.so do not buy this laptop issues he faced 1. Screen "so many Dead pixels on screen" 2. hp support is very slow 3. fan and heat problem 4. No SSD 5. very poor performance
Verdict :) If you're not looking for an out-and-out portable, the HP Envy TouchSmart 15 is a compelling proposition. It looks good and is very pleasant to use, but also has lots of power available when you need it, both for 2D and 3D work. It has a vibrant screen and great audio for multimedia presentations, too. Considering that this is a touchscreen system, too, the price of 74868 Rs is very reasonable WITH 5% CASH BACK FROM FLIPKART.... Overall, this is a capable, stylish and powerful desktop replacement for a decent price, and it doesn’t need an actual desktop to be used comfortably. Pros Impressive specs for the price Great game performance for a laptop Impressive sound output Cons Lack of SSD makes a speedy laptop feel sluggish Flakey keyboard and uninspiring trackpad Unimpressive screen with minor pixelation for a full hd screen & highly reflective screen even on full brightness :( IF U WANNA MAKE THIS LAPPE A ULTIMATE BEAST JUST UPDATE TO Samsung 840 Pro Series 256 GB SSD Internal Hard Drive (MZ-7PD256BW) WHICH COSTS AROUND 16000 Rs. I UPDATED IT, PERFORMS IS SUPERB, AWESOME :) NO WORDS :) THE BEST PERFORMING LAPTOP EVER SEEN WITH ABOVE CONS :)
Review 1 for 75k bucks it is good with backpack + 3 years warranty + 2K bucks hp voucher Pros.. 1) 1080p capactive touch 2) i7 4th Generation 4700MQ 4core 8 threads excellent performance @2.4GHz 3) Beats Audio awesome quality (one I feel the same quality with HTC ONE) 4) 740M 2GB DDR3 average 5) USB 3.0 (88MBps I'm getting with WD 1TB external) Cons.. 1) Poor Built-in quality 2) 2.65KG weight, which it has not given any ultrabook weight.. Who are looking for high performance definitely then can buy this one @ this price Review 2 I found 4 dead pixels(black dots) in the screen and black patch which is coming sometimes and getting disappeared. So I contacted HP about this. but response is poor, issue will not cover under warranty. Again called to HP South team Manager about the black spots in the screen . After 4-5 days discussion he accepted for screen replacement. But, I'm irritated with this laptop so I returned to Flipkart. Thanks to flipkart. Flipkart service is great. next time I'll purchase from flipkart with blind :D..
Delivery within 20 hours that too on sunday. awsomeee...:) Always great service from flpkart.... i havent used this product as today only it got delivered. but one thing to say u can't get nething better than this..... latest processor huge memory great graphics.... jus one word... awsomeeee:)
Design: Brushed aluminium, does not retain fingerprints. sleek design. Indicators: Sleep, Low battery, Charging, Charged and HDD activity. All LED. Sound: Pretty loud, but don't expect woofer to give base even close to speakers. Display: 1080p, glossy. Touchscreen is very sensitive. People using Photoshop or Illustrator may have to reduce the resolution to be able to see properly. At 1080p icons for such software are too small. Also the viewing angle is a bit narrow for that perfect view. Performance: Not built for extreme gaming but can play Crisis 3 at mid settings. Mechanical hard rive so it takes time to book but most of the people will keep it on sleep most of the time and restart once a week so its not a deal breaker. You can upgrade to SSD but will have to do it on your own. Processor gives out decent performance. USB: 4 port all USB 3 capable. Gives 35 mbps for USB 2 devices (photos and videos). Touch screen and touch pad: Both are multi finger touch gesture, but many software will only detect pinch and rotate on touch pad. Touch screen does not support pinch and rotate function on most software (ex. adobe Photoshop and bridge). Flipkart: Quick delivery in good condition. All specs perfect. Only glitch is that there was an offer and they did not mention that it has a deadline. Also as the offer was from HP they did not take any care in informing how to avail it. Flipkart should improve in exchange of information regarding such schemes. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- After 2 months of use: Not Happy with the product. Updated to Windows 8.1 and it takes 2 mins to boot. I dont have any add ons at start up. its just basic booting time. Hangs at every update and the updates are also very frequent. You cannot directly download the latest driver from Nvidia, HP gives its modified driver to work with the system so its like having an android phone and waiter for the manufacturer to push the latest version. Does not support Wireless display as HP is giving it with Ralink adapter for wireless communication which is a bummer. My advice, throw in a bit more and get a mac which is much more stable and reliable. I don't recommend this product any more. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- After 3 months: Please dont buy.
If you're not looking for an out-and-out portable, the HP Envy TouchSmart 15 is a compelling proposition. It looks good and is very pleasant to use, but also has lots of power available when you need it, both for 2D and 3D work. It has a vibrant screen and great audio for multimedia presentations, too. Considering that this is a touchscreen system, too, the price of 78k is reasonable. Overall, this is a capable, stylish and powerful desktop replacement for a decent price, and it doesn’t need an actual desktop to be used comfortably.
Great Product!!! I was looking for a laptop with 4th gen processor and I must say that HP is the first one to offer such a nice configuration. Flipkart is the first online store who made the product available. It has nice looks with great configuration (8GB, 1TB, 2GB graphics, Beats Audio, Touch, backlit). Great features at reasonable price. Optical drive is not there but with HP student offer, gift vouchers can be used to get the external hard drive.
This is an excellent laptop with the latest configuration. It has almost all the features like backlit keyboard, touchscreen(FHD), beats audio subwoofers, latest graphics card, haswell processor and so on... Looks elegant, sturdy...The touchscreen does not shake when you touch it unlike in Sony Vaio Fit Series. It does not have VGA port and DVD drive. Only one thing is not good which is battery life. It is specified as 9 hrs in US HP website but actually it comes only for around 4Hrs as specified by flipkart website... Overall this is a good package in India as far as the price is concerned and other brands are concerned...
I Ordered This machine today !! And Also clarified some confusions with the machine Like If you visit HP.com/in you will find that the same model has the name HP ENVY 15 J001tx (no Touchsmart mentioned also no Touch Display Specified ) So I asked flipkart and they assured me that it is a Touchscreen and if I get the false specifications I will get full refund!! Secondly Flipkart hasn't mentioned that this model has a BACKLIT keyboard .. so I also confirmed this with them and they hinted me that if I zoom the images above I can see the keys glowing and there is a BACKLIT Function Key at F5.... So only thing this model lacks is a DVD Burner .. Really guys..IS it that mandatory ??? We can compramise this one thing for all we get here ... Full HD TOUCH Display with Fingerprint sensor , Nvidia 2 GB Dedicated graphics!! Slim Formfactor with sexy looks!!! Cant wait to get my hands on my new lappie.... :) I think if you have the budget this is the only laptop you must get ... There is literally no competitor for this config except for Sony Vaio Fit 15 F15A15NB but it is a total lackstur in terms of PROCESSOR has a Dual Core 3rd gen i7-3537U with 2GHZ clock speed .. its nothing compared to HP's i7-4700mq which is Quad Core and clocked at 2.4GHz.. And only plus point in vaio is it has really irresistable cool looks and slim form factor and a DVD drive .. But If you want performance than it's HP and looks are much important then it's SONY!!!
Hello everyone Hmmmm so flipkart finally chose to renew the warranty extension and gift voucher offer by HP, So something good came out of my review. Better also update that this laptop has a backlit keyboard .Otherwise, barring an ssD and an optical drive this is a beautiful and high performing gadget I wud say.
Same laptop is available in US at 849$ from Hp site. Leaving the pricing the laptop is the best in build quality and configs.Brilliant screen and amazing processor.WS Retail please we are not fools price this laptop better.
Don't go fo this crap. It doesn't even have a DVD drive let alone having a blueray writer which is a must not a luxury these days. Also the NVidia GPU 640M is a crap compared to 650M offered in other brands. Neither does it have a 17.3 inch screen which doubles the excitement of a HD screen. At least other HP models offer 17.3 inch screen
