Data Structures and Algorithms Made Easy 2nd Edition@@@good part of ur book_ 1- different complexitites analysis 2-numerous problm in trees 3-dyanamic programmig is well explained 4-hashing part is also too good
i am not that good in algorithms and even i am afraid of algorithms and data structures but after i have studied this book i leave my fear to words algorithms and DS and even i could able to write my own algorithms.such a good book is this.tank you Narisimha Karumanchi sir for giving such a wonderful book.
Received this book within 28 hrs after ordering it......thanks FLIPKART for such a fast delivery. This is a must book for every wanna be algorithmist and every computer science student. Covers all the basic as well as advanced approaches for algorithms......suitable for everyone.
As always, flipcart delivery was superb. I received this book within 3 days after ordering. And it was paperback and was packed properly. just, the side of the box was ripped but that was fine as the contents and the bill were safe. Satisfied with the book. All basic algorithms are covered.
book is really helpful though i only read few section of it but those who wanna excel in fields related to data structures can refer this book as it is easy to understand readable book. But the main part is the service provided by flipkart ...i got this book just after 1day of delivery and this was my first order at flipkart!!i really appreciate flipkart for its fast service..
Best book for clearing basic concepts of Data Structures. Way of explaining the algorithms is so apt. This book is worth buying if you are preparing for placements in major Software companies like Microsoft, Amazon etc.
The problems in this book are very good but due to being a very new book, some typographical errors have crept in. Readers are advised to be a bit careful otherwise it is must read for big job hunters.
came to know about it from a friend of mine....we used it for preparing for college placements....all algorithms and content has been neatly given ...... there are many errors and book needs serious revisions....yet it can be used as an excellent reference manual for placement preparation and coding job, academics
This buk is: - nyc - awesome - solved problems - complexities calculation easily explained - good for Btech, Mtech as well as Interviews and Company Professionals. - Helpful for GATE xam. - Lots of programs made wid different styles and comparisons of them! \m/
Kinda reminds me of my engineering days! I can think of only scientists who would really use all these algorithms! Nevertheless, its a very good book and if you are aiming for a job at the giants like Google, Yahoo, Apple etc. then you can't afford to skip this!
Note: I am a CS undergrad at IIT I have been searching for this kind of book from ages. It has fantastic collection of problems. I f you read this book completely its more than enough.Great book to clear Amazon. microsoft, Directi,DE shaw interviews. It is used in almost all IITs for placement preparation.
Helped a lot during placements..useful as a reference. Practising the problems in geeks4geeks and this book will get you good skills on data structures and algorithms.
Content is precise and Approach is logical......Rest up-to reader..... Writer have tough knowledge of Interview questions.....
This book is definetly one of the best books to brush up your concepts of algorithms. A highly recommended book for people preparing for placements and a must have for people preparing for GATE
This book has a good layout and format. Much information is given in the form of question and answer, making it easier to start reading from anywhere. Graphics are good, helps in visualising the topics nicely. But, 1. There are typos and grammatical mistakes littered throughout the volume, sometimes hampers understanding. 2. Most concepts are introduced rather tersely, without describing what it is all about. 3. Binding is bad, pages will fall off after prolonged use. UPDATE: The author himself contacted me on Quora shortly after I wrote the above. NIce of him, huh? Anyway, he politely asked me to "reconsider" the review, suggesting how to use the book effectively, giving tips about interview preparation, and pointing me to his website for more information. Solely because of that, I've changed the title from "Not Brilliant, just 'OK'" to the current one, and added this (too)long update. I didn't change the original points, because they are true! Something about me: I am a second year student studying hons in CS, at the University of Calcutta.
Nice book to learn Data structures and to prepare for interviews. Recommended as the methods explained here are very easy and can be grasped very easily.
This book is the best book for data structures in our country, even all over the world up to my knowledge. I bought this book, suggested by my seniors in college. I had gone through the whole book once and also revised for couple of times. Now I'm very proficient in data structures. This book is the most deserved book for computer science students or faculty.
I am out of words to describe the book.This book with a compiler is all that u need to get into one of those big tech companies.Great deal of learning.
A must have book for people preparing for interviews. Contains conceptual and basic questions for important topics like Data structure, Dynamic programming, Graph Algorithm etc.
If you are an engineering student ,this is the must have book for u. problems are best explained and solved with different complexity. Most of the algorithm based questions asked in technical interviews are explained in this book. So whether u are a Gate aspirant or looking for a technical job,just go for it
I have read this book and its beauty of explaining the concepts in concise yet precise manner is worth tempting. pros: good book for any learner -student , instructors clearing all the doubts that arises when one study data structures i did not find any negative points in this book
Great collection of problems.Nice elegant approach to each problems.If you read the whole book twice,you can solve 90% of the problems asked in Amazon,Google,facebook like companies.A must bye book for all.
I studied from this book and the questions asked in my placement interviews were not different from these.
Briefly it gives a good idea about the complete data structures its also a nice starter for people interested in algos and data structures But some chapter which make use of DP(Dynamic Programming) interms of algos and recursions in terms of C, the algos or codes are improper ie some corner conditions are never met and some unnecessary return statements .
Bought this book after reading reviews of other people. But i have to say this is a totally overrated book. Yes for building ds concept and interview preparation this is a great book. Otherwise not so great book. You don't get book contents detailed in front; only the important topics are discussed in chapters etc. etc. But the explanations are quite crisp to build concept. Giving 3 stars only because i received this product within 1 day of order.
if u r comfortable with basic data structure and algo..then this is the best book to enhance ur approach and ability for writing efficient algorithms.......
This is THE book for the preparation of interviews for companies likes Amazon, Microsoft, Google etc. I purchased this book at the start of my final year and studied every chapter of it. Problems given in this book are really good and they cover all the areas related to DS. Also the technique of going for a solution from brute force to optimal is very nice. All thanks to Narsimha Karumanchi sir, I got selected by Amazon on first day of my campus placements.
A must have for all DS enthusiasts. Brilliant concepts with focus on discussing interview questions at the end of each section. A must have.
Very very good for beginners as well as for practicing. It covers almost all topics required to prepare for placements. Helped alot during my preparation.:)
Friends, none of IT companies complete their selection process without asking questions from this book. Hurrrrrryyyy buy and start referring if you want to get in to good IT companies. All The Best.
This book is excellent... it contains all the important questions so we dont have to search it on website...
I read this book for my placement in IIT Roorkee and also my friends. It contain all material that you need to crack interview of big companies like : google, amazon ,microsoft, adobe, nvidia ... etc. It contain all kind of questions for each data structure and also various solution from brute force to optimal. So i recommend this book if you siting for placements on campus or off campus...ALL THE BEST...
It is the best book for understanding data structures and algorithm. It includes wide range of questions that help in cracking even any new problem asked in interview. I am very glad i studied from this book as i am an average student and this book helped me cracking the interviews...
The author thinks just like me(boys in general-we hate reading fat texty books). No wasting time reading useless jargon, we jump quickly to programs. DS is one subject that needs lots lots lots lots and i emphasize again lots of practice/practical know-how. This book provides ginormous problems covering most of the topics @ UG level in a very simplified manner. An excellent book for CS/IT ppl
First impression This book is like a workbook. The given material can be memorized and a very good compilation. If you want to learn something new and practically apply those you got to go for standard books like CLRS. Will update this after completing the entire book.
This book is really good for beginners , everything are explained in lucid manner .... I liked it ..... and would like to recommend to any one who likes or studies data structure .... :)
90% of the book is the same as the Coding interview question, which is also by the same author. I would suggest to buy the "coding Interview Questions" instead of this one as all the material in this book is covered in that plus it covers addtional topics like OS, Networking and Brain teasers. For more practice, "Data structures and Algorithms for Gate" by the same author can be supplemented. I would not recommend this book over those two.
i dont know how this book helps for your interview preparation or exams but it definitely gives you different problem statements and solves them very differently and gives wings to your thoughts very helpful
If you are a college fresher this book is a godsend , but beware the first edition was full of error - this second edition is edited well in comparison, however the questions themselves are worth the money alone, so you can't go wrong.
I bought this book a little while back for placement preparation. Its really simple to read and understand. Algorithms are explained in a proper order. Recommended buy for placements preparation.
This book is really great...language is so simple..problems are given for each topic which helps in sharping our skills.One word for this book "AWESOME" Must buy. :)
Excellent delivery and good book. Already started exercises. One thing to note is that do not read solution that is right there, apply your brain + skills and then compare solutions. Analyze solutions like a critic. my feedback on pricing: I came to know about this book I purchased on flipkart in 385/- is available in 275/- on two other sites - now that is not good - a difference of 110/-.
just amazing.. i have no words to speak about this book. It increases our thinking ability. soln of the prob are also very well explain
This book is a must for every Computer Science/IT Student.The concepts are explained in precise manner.Large variety of questions are given with improvement in running time for a same question.Generally other books doesn't have such a variety of questions as well as concepts.Author can improve by adding topics such as Number Theory,etc so that the book can be used for competitive programming as well. Overall the book deserves a 5 Star Rating. PS : This is my first review on Flipkart.
after reading this book completely it ll wake you feel comfortable in programming but b serious in reading ...
I have covered first few chapters and feel good about this book, especially for Indian CS grads. Good read for those preparing up for interviews.
Book content covers almost all topics, language is genuine, easy to understand. if you want to learn data structure & algo then you must have read this book ... :)
List of questions are really good. But you will feel like you are reading someone's notebook. There are lot of editing mistake(I will not say it printing mistake). But heard that new edition is on the way. If rectified all mistake, I think this will be one of best book on DS&A.
Best book for data structure. easy to understand and must read this if you are preparing for any competitive exam. It covers all topic very nicely.......... Best for those whose preparing for Gate or NET
For all who think the book is overrated, guys its not for you. There are reviews that say there is lot of explanation that made the book bulky, some say there is no enough explanation. The fact is that it helps the learners to understand and map the concepts better and gives new way of thinking and understanding rather than remembering. It is supposed to be perfect for those who have the idea about DS and algorithms in terms of breadth. If you need some depth, grab this book.
Thanks FLIPKART for ontime delivery. Hi Guys, Well I am late in writing review about this book. To all, who are thinking to buy this book or not. I bought this book long back and it took me longtime to go through the entire book, as i am completely new to DataStructures. Believe me this is a awesome book, which can improve your DS and Algorithm skills and you will be confident enough to face and crack big interviews.
ya its a very good book to study data structures. they will explain each and everything .... you can change as a expert in data structures and i am a microsoft hire.. the questions were easy for me because i already i saw those questions in this book...... am damn sure it will be helpful for you....
************* I received the book. it is very greatly helpful. it explains the logics just as your expert friends explains you just the logic.. It is a quick reference. Complete the book and you will be a gem in algorithms.... Thanks to narasimha garu for the great book :-)
This is a book which has all the needed questions for companies like MS, Google, Flipkart, Amazon etc. It helped me a lot in those interviews and I feel it is one of good books in this area. I recommend this all those who has knowledge of basics of DS.
I got big disappointed after reading this book. Example in this book are not well return with minor mistakes also...... I will not recommend it for new learner... Lot of information but mismanaged.
If you want a detailed theory of the subject, this book is not of much use. A large number of algorithmic questions present though lacks proper explanation at places. Standard set of questions usually asked in interviews are present in there with solutions.
This book is good at presenting algorithms in simple and easy so that even average guys can understand well. We all our classmates were following this for our campus placements. Must read for everyone having the algorithms course.
If You want to improve the way of thinking for programming problems then without any fear refer this book. excellent logics. specially problems with different complexity solution. Thanks ~Regards Manish Kumar
Firstly this book is not for beginners. Before reading this book we must have little knowledge else you wont understand. As the book cover tells this is for big job hunters,I completely agree. I have seen many questions from this book have been asked in interviews. Though questions may not be repeated, we ll improve our problem solving skills largely. Do not expect coding from this book.It has very good questions improving our problem solving ability. Thanks
This book was a very good one that helps both pros and freshers with good knowledge on algorithms and data structures. The language is easy to understand and examples are explained in detail. For those who aspire to get recruited into companies like Google,Microsoft,Amazon etc this book will be very helpful.
Organization Of Concepts Good Number Of Questions Good For interviews and campus preparation One of my friend got his first job in apple after M.S because of this book :). There are some errors and typos in the book look for errata also.
This books explains everything in a very lucid language and follows a very systematic approach to make u understand. I would suggest this book must be the first book u read. This book explains every concept in detail. Don't get misled by cover page though the cover page is very bad, book is complete contrast to it ............ Gr8 book go for it without any second thought ..................
This is the real useful book for campus placements. All companies visiting our colleges are asking questions from this book only. It is worth reading and spend time on it. The problems and solutions are really logical and useful.
I am a mechanical undergrad but you know what I am now good with algorithms and it is good start to have through this book and become a master.I think who ever want to go with a easy book buy this the way it is present the language is lucid , easy to understand and analizing the Algorithms
very good book, found it very useful for my placements. book covers a wide range of questions asked in most of the companies. it covers most of the topics required for placements with very good examples. i strongly recommend this book for placement preparations!
This book is really fantastic, is simple and very complete. This book is excellent for a new learner as well as an experienced programmer. With it all people can learn about algorithms. If you are thinking about buying a book on algorithms buy this book!
This book is really very helpful. It has given a lots of problems with detailed step by step solution. Each and every problem have been solved with multiple approaches. Good explanation of time and space complexities for each and every problem.
Regarding this book, I will keep it short. Get this book and after you are done with it, you will think more creatively and algorithmically than ever before. I have read several books on DS and algorithms, but this book is unique. The approach he takes to explain anything is so good, makes DS and algos a fun to learn rather than something to be afraid of.
It should be part of computer science student and code lover. This book revolutionize the coding concept. Do not try to solve the question in the random order if you are beginner.A must read if you dream to land a job at top notch company.
This is a Awesome book to study Data Strucure & Algorithm .The book is full of packages what a reader needs. I personally feel that this book is the best platform to go ahead with Data structure. And i think i want that if the author of this book will provide a book for data strucyure & algorithm with Java then i and we all from java people are very thankfull to him.
I agree with the other reviewers of this book. In fact, I bought the book after seeing good reviews about the book and I am satisfied with the content. The problems discussed in this book are mainly for top rated companies and for other kind of companies like Wipro, TCS etc.. this book might not be the correct choice as those companies generally do not stress more on logical problems of data structures and algorithms. If you are planning to appear for big companies, this is a must buy.
There is no detail explanation and the book is just overrated. These kind of questions are not asked in any of the interviews and the approach in the book just does not seem to be appealing, not much code examples. Most annoying thing about this book is its print quality. Totally poor quality.
It is a very good book for data structures interviews. Recently I attended an interview with MapR HYD. All the questions were from this book only (of-course, I did not make it in other design rounds). This book is recommended for data structures interviews.
This is one of best books I have seen so far in this area. Straight to the point and yet powerful presentation with loads of examples. That makes this book unique among all. I recommend this to all professionals/students to gain knowledge of problems presented in this book.
I had lot of books about data structure, those books had only theory part. But this book had a lot of example. Almost every kind of problem is there in the book. And the approach of improving the complexity is very good. If some one just believe in coding instead of reading a lot.Get this book.
This is one of the few books which I can claim to have an extremely high return on investment, especially for software developers. Whether looking for tech jobs or not, the book does much more than just giving you a good list of programming exercises. It fosters problem-solving ability and logical thinking one step at a time. Thumbs up and keep up the good work!!
Hi All, I am a lecturer at one of the colleges in Chennai. One of my student came to me with a doubt in this book. While checking that I looked at other chapters and problems of this book. After going through them, I felt like "this is the book what students need to refer". Concepts are very clear and more importance given to problems which allows students to think better and in effective way. I request all the students to refer this book and grasp all the concepts.
This will get you everything you need for your placement process. Very good set of problems and solutions. Its kind of one book contains all.. I would suggest you code each of them to get a good practice.
The language used is very easy to understand and the problem solving is excellent.Starting from the worst case the author improves the efficiency and takes us to the best case existing upto now...Also the Master's Theorem in First chapter is very useful to solve many problems related to time complexities.
I am a computer science student from Allahabad. I want to thank the CareerMonk team from the bottom of my heart. Three months ago, I really don’t know how to write a simple code for BST or lisked list, dynamic programming and I was far from even thinking. But now I have great knowledge of all this topics. I got job in campus placement in IBM India Software Labs (ISL) (7.5 lpa). I can give whole credit to this book.
For the past few months, I have been searching for a book that covers all the standard problems in Data Structures and to my fortune I found this one. Every chapter starts with the basic elements of that particular data structure and then the implementation and finally all the typical problems that are usually asked in the placement sessions are solved so meticulously. Each and every concept is first explained in pictorial form and then the algorithm and then the code snippets written in C which are easy to understand for a person who has some basic knowledge in C language. Being worked in so many software biggies, the author emphasizes particularly on the topics that are usually asked in the interviews. I think, for all the aspirants who are trying to be placed in software side, this book comes very handy, you don't require more. And guess what, I have even seen some working guys reading this book for brushing up their Data Structures concepts.
This is a very good book for placement preparation. Content of this book is excellent. Precisely it is a collection of standard interview question. I liked it most. Explanation is given very well. Overall this book is good. This book is helpful to both CS and non- CS guy.
First of all I would like to mention that the service and delivery of Flipkart is just awesome. Coming to the book, this is one of the good books that every aspiring C++ developer must have. It also helps a lot for those preparing for interviews also.
really a nice book that every student should read before attending technical interviews...this book covers many advanced data structures...explanation given in the book is also very clear esp for run time calculation...thanks for providing such a good data structure book...
I have gone through this book and I liked it because it has wide variety of problem solving approaches with detailed explanation of Space & time complexity. I would say this book gives you wider understanding of solving the problems. This is a good asset to have while preparing for interviews. Thanks to Narasimha for consolidating !
I read the first edition of the book. Book clearly explains the concepts before going into the problems. It has good collection of questions. The logic behind the solution is explained clearly in the book.
This book is apt for those who target Microsoft interview. In each topic it explains concept, and the problems and their descriptions are to the point. Though you may face different questions in interview but one who solves the problem in this book can surely solve the other problems dynamically.
This is book is really awesome and excellent. And never seen such a great book. this covers really excellent concepts which helps anyone in getting good opportunities in their career and helps to develop with great technical base. Thanks to Narasimha, for your efforts on writing such a wonderful book.
This book is really too good and helps to wrap command on Data structure and Algorithms. I read DS & Algo from many books and finally I chose this book that has maximum numbers of example and helps to think in many directions. One single problem has been explained with multiple solutions with different complexity that helps to understand the algo. in more better way.
I purchased this book with recommendation of my frd. After reading few chapters of this book, I got the feeling of the money spent on this is totally justified. This is a perfect book getting fundamentals strong on Datastructures and Algorithms. More Indian authors should come forward and write on all other topics. All the best.
the programming and analyzing technique is good apart from that the way the author explained the programmes are nice and analyzing the programming language is the most important thing in the codding which has been effectively done by the author nice to have this book explained each and every aspect in simple language now moving on tom the average aspect of this book the conceptual explanation lacks which can be better and at last the book is nice and this is a more effective book for the interviwes
I've studied this book for preparation to my amazon interview and It helped me a lot. Not just for the "same questions in the interview" factor, but repeatedly going through all the complex problems in the book and trying to understand the solutions give there helped me get my basics crystal clear and also, I got into amazon. I owe a lot to this book. Though, many questions are directly adopted directly from different interview preparation websites, I reduced my effort to a great extend when it came to preparing in the right way and also, going through all those websites and manually searching for all these questions.
Perfect for interview preparation for Data Structure and Algorithm. Lots of problem to make your understanding more clear. I will say this is must buy for Data structure and Algorithm.
I suggest not to buy this book if u are not good at algorithms and data structures as there are many mistakes that need to be corrected.Buy this if u are good at finding a mistakes and correcting it yourself
This book is one, i must say the only book i found which can guide you to learn data structures, which can't be learned by just mugging up theory. This book shows a practical approach. Great work by CareerMonk people.
I am a B-Tech final year computer science student appeared for 2012 GATE exam. Earlier, I took coaching for GATE at one of the institute (Made Easy) in Delhi. One of my senior referred this book for me and it helped me a lot. This book played important role in securing 180th all India rank for me. I recommend this book for all computer science students (particularly rural engg. college students who may not have chance to take coaching) to have a look and use this as primary source for preparing data structures and algorithms.
So you got yourself an interview. Congratulations! I was all over the place about which textbooks of my undergrad years I should study but then I came across this book which helped me narrow down my studying area by far. It prepares you for some fundamental C stuff like pointers and also for common algorithms and tricky ones that you have to think for yourself. It also makes you think smartly when trying to figure out some puzzle that occasionally appear in interviews. Overall it was really great, easy and fast to go through. Unfortunately there were a few code errors. Overall, I suggest it :)
During my campus interviews I got in CSC company. During my campus preparation I did not notice this book. Around 2 months back, I saw this book with friend and borrowed it for 2 days and felt like it is the perfect book for campus preparation for people like me. I have studied algorithms using several books, and this is by far the best. I am sure this going to be one of the best books on algos and interview preparations.
Author explores all the topics from data structures to algorithm design techniques in lucid style. Book is very good for beginners & interview preparation as author discuss famous algorithms asked in coding interviews. for those who find CLRS difficult this book can give a firm base in short time before you move to advanced topics & problems in CLRS. Only shortcoming of the book is no unsolved problems.
I ordered this book along with other books for preparing my job searches. Earlier, I thought of taking a coaching on DS and Algorithms for trying Google, Amazon and Yahoo. But after reading few chapters of this book, I felt like, saved lot of money on as it would cost at least 20,000 rupees in Bangalore. This book helped me a lot in my preparation and I never felt like it helps me in cracking Yahoo (I am part of it now :)). All problems are very useful, relevant and straight to the point which we generally encounter them in interviews.
The book wa interesting to me as the collection of stories about programming and problems that programer can meet in his work. the solutions in the book are good. As someone who works in the field (and used this book to prepare for interviews) I can say that it provides an excellent preparation. I feel that this book would provide an excellent preparation for coding job interviews. Unless you ace all the questions, though, expect to need to get more references on various topics. This book will quiz you on these areas but doesn't offer tutorials. It's an excellent way to get a feel for what you do (and don't) know about the questions. The problems covered in Linked lists, Stacks, Queues, Tress, searching, sorting, Strings, DP, Bitwise manipulations, Hashing are good.
I got this book on 10th of Jan. Earlier, I used to follow many blogs, sites to prepare for interviews. This is has nice collection of all those problems. In the stacks chapter (Misc.) I found a typo: it was mentioned wrongly. The code was correct but the description is given wrongly. Overall, it is good book. If it has indexes for sections it would help more.
Guys don't go for this book because neither it contains any question which will prepare you for the companies like google amazon.Most dumb logic are provided in the book instead go for Cracking The Coding Interview: 150 Programming Questions And Solutions (Paperback) by Gayle Laakmann McDowell.If there was a rating less than 1 ,I would have gone for it.
The book focuses on DS and Algos part of technical interview. It exposes you to all the questions that the interviewers would expect you to know. The book does provide the implementation code for all data structures, you can do them on your own style as well. Some questions during the interview come straight from it. Others are very similar. Once you study this book, you will be fully prepared to handle any questions on the interview. Try to think hard on the problem before going to the solutions. Write it out on the paper and compare your approach with the answer. Always think "is there a better approach for this question?" and you will master the interview. If you have only a week or two to prepare for the interview at a large tech company, you can do it! This book will save your life, just like it saved mine.
It sets the stage for interviewing in today's marketplace, covers all those computer science concepts that some of us are rusty at, and provided good examples to practice working through those low level concepts. This is where this book came in handy. I found it very helpful for my second round of interviews at a very technical company. I really liked the problems of Stacks, Queues, Trees, PQs problems. It helped me to think about solutions in correct way.
I bought this book for my Data Structures class at Pune University and it was perfect. There are lot of real world examples it shows the straight forward way of showing us want the data structures are and how to code them efficiently. There's also a lot of extra theory in the sorting chapters that I haven't found in other data structure books. This book is definitely worth the buy. It provides plenty of relevant questions to help prepare for an interview. I did notice that there is a fair amount of solved problems throughout the book. Regardless, I found the book very useful and recommend it.
I am a lecturer at one of the rural Engineering college in Karnataka. I generally do not come online and spend much time. After reading the book, I thought it would be good if I share my comments about this. Generally students are scared of design of algorithms and its analysis and this is due to the fact that students are not able to understand foreign books. There is a difference in understanding level of students and those books. This book bridges thatgap. I must say it is so easy for students to get the fundamentals correct. All the best
Lucidly written basics and wide variety of problems makes it a must read for anyone who want to hone their algorithmic skills. The explanations given for each and every problem are really a treat. This book also covers theoretical concepts of complexity classes in its own concise way which will be useful for those students wanting to pursue higher studies yet scared by notational jargon of theoretical computer science.
Most of the stuff in this book, usually also more updated, is of course available on the web. This book also *explains* the tricks very clearly. That's why it rocks. Author doesn't talk to you like a professor, but like a good friend. He explains stuff, often in plain English, the way we all do when we really want someone to understand what we mean. He uses some math too, but only when really appropriate. If you find delight in the optimization of code--and you SHOULD--this is the book for you. The book contains a great collection of techniques and tricks for highly efficient numerical programming. Great read.
One thing I liked about this book that after a problem is served, it tries to attempt to solve that in basic way and after analyzing it's performance then keeps on improvising the algorithm by providing better solution. Hence it first captures the attention of a newbie or in it's simplest form and then takes the journey to more optimized solution which is also necessary to learn for how to approach and develop better solution.
